Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty purgish harker, that flacky whore.
You people think we just improvise the stuff from the keyboard and stuff.
But no, we have to rehearse this stuff all week long.
And we have to ride this bicycle treadmill that runs the electric generators that make the power spew out over the airwaves out into the invisible air.
Where your ears pick up the rare material and strange music that this station plays.
Such as the Hour of Slash.
Stuck in an availability room somewhere deep beneath the surface of the earth.
The Reverend Ivan Stang, made of pure cream cheese and three pieces of toilet paper,
has rebuilt his entire personality from a foam-like mug distributed by the Church of the Subgenius through WCSB.
I can't help as much as I can and it's just not getting out of the underground.
Welcome to the Hour of Nothing.
Slash.
Slash.
We had such a good cue there, I thought maybe you could use it.
No, I don't care about, I don't care about creative cues.
I care about the station money for their station.
There's only one thing that matters.
That matters between birth and death and that's donating to this station to keep it on.
This station will be hauled off dead in a casket tomorrow if they can't pay their electrical bills.
And come on to the cowboy day, we'll have to quit writing those scripts because no one will be able to pay him $75,000 a year to do this show.
It costs money to do these kinds of elaborate productions, friends.
But friends, it's not real money.
It's the kind of money that you need to make your life twirl around like a little...
Twinkie stick.
It's the kind of money they give you in outer space.
The kind of money from deep, deep in the cosmos.
It's not paper money.
Nothing as flaccid and tricky.
Nothing as...
No, we're talking psychotronic subphonic money.
The kind that'll bring you a long-sleeved shirt.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty purgatory...

That...
They're here.
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
It's the subgenius hour.
It's the subgenius hour.
Watch.
And here we got the brains of the whole operation.
Faster signal goes up.
We're at the satellite.
We're pumping out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too big a rhythm to sound.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Because Mr. Moneybags, he's paying a salary.
Salary.
He throws in a hundred bucks a week, and consequently,
I can't preach against drinking because his icebox is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
I can't preach against cigarettes because they all smoke.
For me.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes between Sunday school and worship service
so they can go out and light up a Chesterfield or something or the other.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart, close your mind, unzip your lips, and bend over
because you're about to receive the word...
Here to Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledge drive time.
Praise Bob.
It's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance, folks.
I thought you boys understood.
It's business.
That's all it is.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore.
No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything.
The whole damn planet.
They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having a good for a change?
And they're going to let us have a good if we just help them.
They're going to leave us alone.
Let's make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
Now, I know you want it.
Hell, everybody does.
He's going to make a million dollars.
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yi.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It is, in fact, pledge drive.
Lifetime.
And that number for you and everyone else you know to call is in Cleveland.
Yes, it's 6900.
And you can remember that because it has a 69 in it.
That's a secret number.
It means that's like when two little rabbits get into each other's rabbit holes.
And friends, this station referred to herein.
Here.
Hereafter as this station.
Can, in fact, and must be reached at this station.
And I know you want to make us look good.
I know you want to help us look good in the eyes of this station.
You know, it's a student station.
I'm not exactly a student.
Friends, it's so you know what you must do.
You must help.
Friends, if you are listening from Sweden, if you are listening from China,
if you are listening from Japan,
if you are listening from Iraq,
send that money in to this station and put it to the name of our of Slack.
Because if you know, friends, if we don't start getting some of those calls coming in,
I'm going to be forced to go back to my old pledge drive tapes.
And in fact, I'm going to do that right this very moment.
You're going to make a million dollars.
I dear friends.
This is your this is your dear pastor, Reverend Ivan Stang, calling out to you from the depths of my heart.
And I can I can see so many of you sitting there hovering by your phones.
Wait. Now the phones are ringing here.
We're doing great.
This time we got all the beautiful girls, the the mighty studliest of genius ministers sitting here waiting to catch your call.
They're all busy.
But if you get a busy signal, just call back again, because we sure ain't going to turn down a bit of your money.
Dear friends, you know that that's one thing you can always trust a Bob.
Listen to those things going off in the background.
And so for all I know, maybe these.
Oh, yes.
Oh, we got this is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a two hundred dollar pledge.
Sire, there is no more money.
We got to get some money.
That dirty Turkish hardback.
What?
Gordon Black and Beckham.
Can make it.
Ha.
Wow.
Wild, wild Dave is here.
That where can you get an argument like that, especially when your head is square, your pocketbook is elongated and yet your listening pleasure is far from more orgiastic.
If you were like in the physics or geometry and stuff just for the pure radiation sickness of it, you know what I mean?
Just the slamming and banging of the animals as they pledge themselves to oblivion.
Friends, your animals, too.
Just like.
Yes.
You need sustenance just like the station does.
The station is an animal.
It's a shuffling beast.
This monkey doesn't survive on peanuts.
Pennsylvania.
Towards Bethlehem, PA.
No, this station doesn't.
There's not a monkey and does not survive on peanuts.
It will not be your big bad bitch.
It must.
If it is to.
What is it?
Survive.
Survive.
That's right.
It's like the more prevail.
Prevail to even prosper.
Because you could just survive like island of Dock.
Tomorrow.
But you want to prosper.
Yeah.
I mean, you want to live it up, baby.
You want to be able to dial ear any time, night or day and go, okay, that's my, that's my soul.
You know, that's my thing.
Well, you know, it could be that someday they could dial your 90 and there'd still be a station here, but it wouldn't be what they were expecting.
It'd be Rush Limbaugh, the 18th version of his daily show, followed by Hannity discussing what Rush said, followed by what's his name?
Peg, Peg, Peg, like wouldn't never followed by dead silence as an EMP shuts off all electronic machines in the North American continent.
As the, as the emergency medical system transpires across all the way from the Canadian Arctic, all the way down to Hexico is the whole planet shuts down.
You can hear the doors slamming.
Are you going to let that happen?
Or are you going to call the doors?
Station, baby.
Bathby, baby.
For 50.
Well, I guess they're not.
Okay.
I'm just going to go right back to, uh, I mean, this, when this show ends, if you haven't helped the station, what you know, as reality is going to come to a crashing halt.
See what I mean?
We were playing that cheery music cause we wanted to be positive, but you know, frankly, friends, positive thinking can kill you.
Uh, look where positive thinking has gotten most of the world.
So far, people say it.
Oh, Reverend.
I'm staying.
He's a pessimistic booger, but frankly, I'm worried that my most pessimistic predictions might turn out to have been in the long run.
Idiotically optimistic.
And our fear tonight is that you out there taping this show will think, we'll think, oh, well, uh, well, they'll stay on the air or not.
Whether I give or not.
But folks, if you don't pledge, the world will literally, will literally come to an end.
At the end of this hour, if you, and I don't mean just some of you, I mean you, the one listening right now.
Oh, you're laughing.
You're laughing.
It's going to collapse around your pathetic ears.
But you nihilistic teenagers out there.
Oh, no future, man.
No future.
You know, that's why if the rival cult that wants these airwaves had this hour, they'd erase 10,000 bucks by now.
And you know what they do with it?
They build concentration camps for the likes of you.
You abnormal.
You, you punk.
You old hippie.
You, you humanist.
You subgenius.
So friends, you know, the money isn't just for the hour of slack.
It's for the totality that is this station.
It isn't just for us mutants.
It's for your very mind, your very soul.
And you wouldn't believe how close your soul is to being sold out.
Dear brother or sister, between your job and the drugs and the lies.
Listen, you need every bit of slack.
You can hang on to.
But we have a special form of slack in store for you tonight.
Not stored in souls anywhere, folks.
And the type of slack you're going to be getting is guilt.
Guilt.
Tonight we're going to whip us up some guilt.
And some of you are saying, oh, it's pledge time.
Reverend Stang's going to rant all night about money.
And you'd better be afraid that that's true.
Little Bobby, little gimme Bob out there.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder.
And as well on his way out.
I'll tell you that.
Hey, praise Dr. Dark, who pledged $19.98.
$19.98?
No, $1,998.
That's a new unreasonable record.
How can we top that from one collard?
Green.
Here's how we can top it.
When we get one from Australia.
That's who just topped it.
The Reverend Chainsmurker, listening by internet, called all the way in from that distant climb.
That wombat ridden land.
That wombat.
You could hear kangaroos in the background.
The sheilas and the roos are all humping together and rutting on the barbie of the shrimp.
Yes.
All of that.
And friend, how come it is that we're getting calls from the internet?

From as so far away as Australia and Cleveland.
And yet we haven't heard from you.
We haven't heard from you, my friend.
You're our only friend that we haven't heard from.
Is it a moonless night, friend?
Is the wildebeest crying in your left ear, making you want to go things to your mucilaginous passages you've never done?
Forget about that stance.
That stay at home, hate the ether way of thinking.
Get out there and pledge your numbers.
You gotta do something and those numbers are.
No less.
Yes.
It's nowhere.
Sixty nine hundred.
Six nine zero zero.
That's sixty nine hundred.
I hope you understand the significance of that pronunciation.
If you spell it the nuclear way.
Dave here has a pronounced speech impediment.
It's not an impediment.
Well, some not very well pronounced.
It's a highly stifling way of expressing myself.
Hey.
And you could be on the radio too, just like us, if you could just bribe us with those pledges, friends.
That's true.
We might even let the numbers of the, what, the evacuation numbers?
Have you noticed that we read your number out on the air?
We give your home address?
Well, no, not that.
But certainly your church name.
Your social security number.
Yeah.
Your entire church name.
And don't you want to talk to Princess We in person?
This is not a recording.
I mean, if you talk to Dave or me, we're just recordings.
She's real.
And that's, and when you call her, you not only get to pledge your monies, your hard-earned
scrids to a baseball cap for 25 premiums.
I mean, you know, people talk about local alternative and college radio stations as
if we had some hidden treasure here in smallburg, peppy town, USA, you know?
But isn't it true?
You're it, Dave.
You're it.
Oh, no.
They're it.
Are we it?
No.
They're it.
The vast listeners, some of them are a little bit too heavy.
I need to cut down on that food a little bit, but...
That means you're it until you call in to this station.
The Radio Thon 2005 begins on noon Sunday, November the 6th and ends on noon Sunday,
November 13th.
On Friday, there'll be a special opening.
An opening?
You like openings, don't you?
Yes, orifices everywhere.
Creases?
Dents, grooves, like the convolutions in your...
Yeah, the dents.
How often do we recognize the importance of dents as sexual appurtenances or a sexual...
There is an aspect.
A sexual...
There is an actual aspect to the dent, just as there is an opposing one to the bump.
And you can learn more if you call and talk to the actual queen of all the UFOs at this
station.
That's the only way for us to get your address so that we can send you the postcard that
reminds you to send the check to this station.
Because you can do that, friend.
You can do that if you're listening to this show by internet three weeks from this pledge
draft.
If you're listening to this show on one of our beloved other stations.
Yes, sir.
If you're listening to this show on one of our beloved other stations, such as WREK in
Atlanta or beloved...
Any of them.
You can still support your local hour of slack station.
You say to yourself, I listen on the internet.
I live out in Wyoming.
I live...
Lay that post office box back in...
However...
Send it.
Send it.
You've got that stamp.
You've got that pencil.
You've got that MP3 of this show.
Write that address down.
This station.
WREK.











There's only one Clevelandite who cares or knows anything.
All of our fans are from somewhere else.
That's why you, far away, have to send those trickles of surprise checks.
And you can always put some weird little extra clipping or statement in there.
A kissing mark on it.
Some random surrealism to confuse the nice volunteers here at the station that open your mail.
We've received some absurd objects that have no explanation.
So please, you know, it's better off with the tape.
Stained toilet paper going, ew.
Than looking at something for three days and having to call in a nuclear...
Well...
Just do it.
Nuclear.
And remember, friends, these pledge-a-thons are like radio wars.
They seep down into the consciousness of the average citizen and make him not want to pledge.
But if you want to fight back against constipation, radio broadcasting, flaccid, placid, overweight,
understyled, incorrect...
Overly easily understood.
Overly easily understood.
Easily overly, overly easily understood radio.
Unlike this show.
Connect in now with...
And say, I'll do virtually anything.
Do it.
And especially to piddle your exogenous zones.
If you'd like to taunt to the lovely princess we are...
Can't you taunt to her?
You're going to get more than an exogenous experience.
You're going to get an...
You're going to get an awakening.
That's going to thrill your sphincter and your face.
And your family's collective sphincters.
For thousands and thousands of years.
And I'm not exaggerating either, am I?
I'm...
I'm...
No, Dave.
I'm probably exaggerating a little bit.
You can't exaggerate.
No.
There's no way of exaggerating the importance.
Look.
We...
If you pledge now, you'll invest dollars.
We'll send you a hoodie.
Now, we all know that that means it's like a really cool sweatshirt.
But in your sick imagination, you could probably make it seem like some hoodlum was going to
come to your house, bark down your cattle, cause cerebral damage to your grandparents,
and blame it on somebody else.
Or kill me.
Or kill me.
Or you could kill Bob.
Yeah, you could.
You could just do that instead of calling this station.
Then just at least...
Look.
Even if you're lying, even if you're one of those hypocrites who just wants to talk to
Princess Wee and have her take your number down, go to a bunch of work, and have some
other volunteer send you the postcard reminding you, even though you have no intention of ever
actually calling.
You're not really paying.
Go ahead and call anyway.
Cause who knows?
You may decide that some...
Maybe suddenly you'll get a conscience.
Okay, Officer Stain, could you please step aside?
We have enough of the hard cop.
Bob, you wanna come over here and tell them what they'll get?
I'm afraid nobody wants to do Bob.
And Bob doesn't wanna come over here.
He's just looking at us now with a weird glare, so I'm gonna shut up.
There are people who want to do Bob, and those are the people you should really avoid.
I don't want to imitate him in his presence, and if he doesn't wanna talk, then...
But okay.
Never.
He hardly ever does.
And when he does, it usually is some message about Mars needs women.
He's stuck on that Mars and women thing.
And he'll go back there.
Venus doesn't need women.
It's got all the women it needs.
Venus is practically nothing but women.
It is a woman.
So wise up, man.
What are you gonna be?
Mars?
A Martian?
A Venusian?
Or an Earthman?
Or a God-listener who calls in with that pledge right now?
It's just a pledge.
It's just a promise.
That's all.
What are you gonna do when it starts raining and you wanna be the hippest encumbrance on your whole gulf?
And you're just dry.
You're just a dried up old raisin of a person.
You're gonna need an umbrella to keep out the sunshine once the sun goes nova.
You're not an ombuscus nebuscus.
What more can we...
I mean, it all adds up.
It comes to that great fruition, that conclusion.
Everything points to that number.
And your pledge to that self-same number at this station.
The synchronicity is so vast.
It emodes your eyes as soft as part of your nose.
Ha ha ha.
Six, eight, seven.
A neonesis.
Hundred.
Okay.
I'm gonna give them no more chance and we'll just play this.
I'm gonna call the same policeman that I was trying to get in and go out and arrest some of these slackers.
And I say with a small L in the background.
Right.
The small S for slacker.
These aren't real slackers.
And have them brought down here and give me $40.
And I promised to pledge $20 for a white or black logo shirt and then use the rest of it to buy a beer.
I mean, it's like you get...
And it's tax exempt.
You're tax unripe-able.
Just think about it.
You can write...
You can currently...
Let's not get into any...
You can crunt.
You can crunt.
Man.
Don't you see, man?
You can crunt now.
These figures here and those figures there.
It knits and weaves stories you can't understand.
Unfortunately, if you don't have the imagination to supply that part, at least you will have supported this station.
Don't be a nitwit.
Listen, friends.
Go for it.
This station...
Is where to send that check if you're not hearing this live but on some insane playback later on.
Yeah.
Be a superhero, friends.
Be your own hero for once.
Can you imagine yourself careening down the slopes in one of those knit winter hats?
You're cruising down those...
You're slaloming.
You're shushing.
You're shushing.
Yeah, that's right.
You're shushing.
And suddenly you realize...
Real...
Excuse me.
Suddenly you realize you're shushing down the cliffs of Garfield Heights.
You're not in New York State.
You're in Gotham City itself.
Yeah, right.
No, no, no.
You're Batman.
You pledged.
You paid.
You sent the money in and now you feel good.
You're good.
You're a butt more.
I feel bad.
You're a butt more, all right.
You're built for this job.
That's right.
You can see thousands of miles in the future.
And in the pasture, you can see things others cannot see.
And you see in your future...
Future...
Future...
A $30 lodge!
In the year 1998, the men from Planet X shall descend on this earth in power and glory to
lift up those dues-paying subgeniuses who went to subgenius.com and did the right thing.
Yes, the right thing.
What will they be wearing?
What will they be wearing?
Yes.
They were going into that deep, deep, deep pit in their body, that dent in which they
found, yes, the most secret, intimate organ of their body, the wallet.
And they extracted it and they pulled from it those dollars that they then rubbed upon
themselves.
And then they blessed it against a picture of Bob.
And then they put it against a picture of their mom and their dad.
And then they put it in the mail.
And then they sent it to the station.
That subgenius tongues might air wag and ne'er want for extra pizza at the station staff
meetings.
Friends, when you donate to this station, you're not just helping us improve our equipment,
stay on the air, make a better signal.
You're helping to pay for the pizza that makes the station staff meetings bearable.
Some of these people actually stay alive on the stale pizza that they eat.


And after the station meetings, don't you understand how shoestring these thumbs are
and these little, these budgets are that takes to bring you this, that takes to bring you
this great entertainment here on this station.
And now this.
All right, I'm on.
All right.
All right, good old boys are here tonight.
We'd like to welcome you down to the television mission.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home, then try to keep yourselves awake and dial
the phone.
Do it.
Call it for pleasure.
Yes, answer the phones this evening.
Beautiful doctors say far and beautiful reverend.
I love this number that you see on your screen with a contribution to the television mission,
a revolting.
Genetic accident.
Yes, Dave, you disgusting creature.
Think of it, Sting.
Even Fireside Theater endorses your church.
Sorry, I had to use that word.
But little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
Listen, you little listeners whistling in the glistening mist.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Lies,
Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, Verse 10, Ever.
The passage runs, and I quote,
If you be tired of it, if you've got that rundown feeling,
remember, you're not just anybody.
You're special.
You are living proof that God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener, if you're like most of the people who listen to this show,
are proof that no supreme being could ever exist.
It's a duck hunt.
Uh, Hanson, please, don't, don't, don't start.
Please, please.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I've got to start anyway.
I don't want to start, believe me.
Dear friends, I'm, I've got to admit, I'm just too depressed to do a, a good show.
Come on, get up off that chair.
Follow me.
Now you can have something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
And you could call in.
You can talk to the, there's some sexy ministers on the, on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here, uh, ready to receive your promise.
Your covenant with Bob, friends.
Why, the, uh, the evil, uh, Dr. Zafod here picked up, he got one from Joseph Prowl for 200 bucks.
And I, I happen to know that that one's not a joke.
Now I know that, you know, not everybody can, can, uh, can give that much.
You know?
You know?
You know, Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can, who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name, but, but she donates a quarter, her last quarter?
Or does, or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars but only gives 10,000?
We prayed on that, friends, and we realized that in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's going to get to heaven because he paid more money.
So I want you to call.
We got to sell you, friends.
We're not just going to sit here and talk.
Bob said we had to party.
Didn't he?
Didn't he?
He said we had to party.
He didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
And so, we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
Or they're destroyed.
When everybody sells.
We're all selling.
For we all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together, mighty symphony of prosperity.
For we all have something to sell.
And I'm going to feed the children of pure love what we're offering for kids and young people of every age.
I was so sad.







No more candyすごい clowns.
Every night, every night.
We were destined to make it right.
To be determined.
And this is our fate.
We're singing this song.
Singing this song.
So you can relate.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
This time.
Friends, it looks like we might actually save the universe this time.
And only it's not really us saving it.
But these fine subgeniuses.
Wonderful, wonderful callers who have pledged.
These pledgers who have pledged in.
And callers such as Reverend Steve Sinek.
A faithful, faithful subgenius.
The one that we always depend on when we miss the recordings of the show.
He is the one who has them.
Thank you, Steve.
From far away in Chagrin Falls.
Chicken Falls.
Much to our chagrin that he's so far away.
And yet he can hear the show.
Down in the valley there.
And Chris Sazekas.
Or Sazekas.
Or whatever.
Sazekas.
Even here in Lakewood, Ohio.
So there are people locally who do care.
But the great Rex Oroboros.
Rex, thank you.
Has called in to help us.
From our brotherly sister station in Champaign, Illinois.
I can hear the corks popping now.
Oh, praise brother Oroboros.
He has reserved the Destroy All Monsters video, I'd notice.
There is no blame.
Oh, the great David Bauchner.
Thank you, David.
He is the David Bauchner in Toronto, Canada.
Genius man.
Isn't that nice?
Wonderful fellow.
Listeners in Toronto calling in.
David Bauchner did not just pledge.
David Bauchner put us on the internet.
You might say.
And kept us there for a long, long time.
And we still can't leave.
Scott points in Athens, Georgia.
Now, what kind of a show is this?
Did we get calls from so far, far away?
It may be Athens, Ohio, no?
No, it's Athens, Georgia.
I wish I was in the lamb and cotton.
And he's getting the Slovenian glasses.
And the hour of slack triple X.
That's a good choice.
And another one.
Here comes the lovely Miss Wee.
Princess Wee.
Princess Wee.
Wee is bringing another one.
Chris Turner.
The Reverend Ant.
Oh, that's Antichrist.
Reverend Antichrist.
A turnip cannot pledge.
That's not quite the same as Reverend Antichrist.
No, it's Antichrikes.
Antichrist.
Antichripes?
But Antichrist.
To Mobile, Alabama.
A survivor.
I wish I was in the lamb and cotton again.
A survivor of the terror of Hurricane Ivan.
Oh.
And Her Highness Helen.




Hell no.
In lovely Lakewood, Ohio.
Another Lechner.
I mean, Lechner.
Her Highness, hell no.
The creator of the Bobby Awards almost every year.
Did I mention John Visnavkas?
No, you did.
Or Vinalkas.
Thank you, John.
Vinalkas.
But we love you, John.
Yes, Bob is a...
This is a religion of love.
Stang has a heart with names.
So just imagine he has read them and pronounced them anonymously.
Right.







Too late for the anonymous one.
Anyway, thank you, anonymous, again and again.
Thank you, all of you who were and shall ever be monotonous.
Montonomous Bay.
You don't have to be monogamous or a baseball cap wearing,
winter knit hat wearing,
No, it helps.
aficionado of music and diverse talk in spunky rhythms
of strange ideas and beautiful searches into the past.
Like when we go tripping down Mamory Lane.
Oh, yes.
There are lots of jugs.
I talked to a listener.
There's a listener in Detroit who thinks you're real smart.
Remember that?
We met that guy.
We met this guy that said that he thought you were real smart.
He gave us all those Firesign Theater albums.
That man was himself extremely brain damaged.
He gave us each copies of all the Firesign Theater albums on CB.
And only 72% of mine actually worked.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Well, I hadn't even tried to play...
Oh, I played as many as I could.
Oh, yes.
Then someone said...
Oh, we're all bojos.
Well, you know, the CD technology is crude.
Mine is, yes.
And yours, of course, is even cruder.
And then there's your ears.
And then there's the stuff in between your two ears.
And there's what comes out of my mouth, which is also crude.
But not as crude as the sweet crude we're pushing, ladies and Germans.
Bubbly.
And crude.
If Eichmann were a vastly vaster man, if Adolf Hitler did all he can, we still wouldn't hate you as much as we hate ourselves.
For you not pledging...
What the hell?
Let's just go...
As Puzzling Evidence once said...
Let's get the flop.
Let's frop up so we can get back to hating the conspiracy instead of ourselves.
Yeah.
Puzzling Evidence said that.
About frop.
Oh, I thought about 40 times.
How's your frop, Epil?
Yeah.
I thought about 40 times.
Well, what's...
There's no...
They can't get any habsopsia from sepulis if they pledge to this or any other...
No, I wish.
But that's an imported herb that's pretty expensive from Tibet.
Now, Buddhist llamas, or is it just the alpacas?
Any of these different animals, how do they ingest it?
With their teeth?
No, that's not the way it works.
The llamas...
Holy men type.
Tibetan llamas that are...
Well, you claim to be a holy...
You know, what...
The frop only grows on the graves or droppings of those holy men or on the graves or droppings
of the Himalayan yeti.
The great yeti.
That's what I thought.
Yes.
These...
In America, that would be the Sasquatch or Bigfoot or the...
What is it?
Homo hoaxis.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.


The Hockey Hacking Man.
That would make no sense, dang.
Anyway, so if you were a yeti and you were just to randomly go out and poop in the backyard,
would there a Dalai Lama emerge from a Hapsipropsypilous bush?
No, but if you...
That would be the only place in your yard where you could grow the things.
Okay.
The plants.
I know they only blossom during a full moon, so...
It's like wolfbane, right?
Oh, yeah.
So it is dangerous.
It is wolfbane.
It's exactly the same thing.
As wolf...
As the...
Well, not the...
There are different plants that are called wolf's bane.
So one is like...
One of them is a slightly poisonous thing that grows in the Balkans or someplace.
But that's anti-lycanthropic, right?
And that helps psychological lycanthropy.
But then physical lycanthropy can only be combated by Hapifropzipilops, which is why
when you run out of frop, you turn into such a bastard.
I just thought you were going to say, you know,
if you had the original wolfbane, you'd still turn into a wolf after you smoked it,
but you just would think that you hadn't.
But if you smoke real Hapifropzipilops, you not only will think you haven't turned into
a wolf, you won't.
And...
Or you will, but you won't care, which is even really the best, I guess.
Well, we're at the deep end of the pool now, and I don't know if I can swim that well.
I don't understand.
Actually...
I dived right in, and this is where I'm at.
I'm kind of like over my head.
I dived...
Or...
Anyway, so none of these people have pledged for Hapif...
Well, never mind.
I'm sorry.
Oh, they might not know where to pledge.
Of course, they need to pledge to this station.
And are you too mad, Bob?
Someday you'll be the Bishop of Tinkleberry.
Someday we shall bring Bob back to life.
We will find his old pipe shanks and stems.
We'll scrape them out and get bits of saliva.
We'll retrieve the DNA...
of the original Bob before he was killed.
Any of those times.
As part of our master plan, Bob will not only live again and walk the green earth...
He will sell again!
He will sell again!
And you will be one of his victimless crimes.
You shall own what he does not.
You shall become a part of a vast invisible fortune,
which grows more invisible with each second.
Yes?
Please!
Give us some...
Money!
Money!
Money!
M-m-m-m-money!
Alright.
Arms for the poor.
Penny for the old guy.
Penny for the old guy.
Can you spare a quarter for an old altar boy, father?
Can you spare a quarter for an old altar boy, father?
That's it. That's it. That's it.
Yes, friends, you too can be exorcised.
You can have the demons of money exorcised from your wallet.
You can do it yourself by calling this station and pledging your hard-earned dollars.
I think at least they should pledge just based on the fact that we haven't conducted this pledge-a-thon like this.
We only do this once a year!
Yeah, we only do it once a year.
And you know what it really costs to run a station like WCSB?
You know, in fact, we're not going to play any music.
We're going to boy you to death.
We're not going to...
We could talk with NPR-type accents, public television.
Dr. Tom Winkle is here from the Faculty Accent Department.
And, Tom, how long have you been working?
Working here? And why do you continue to work here?
Continue? Never mind.
Oh, I've been in the tweed for 25 years now.
That's a nice suit you're wearing.
I was wearing the tweed.
And I noticed the back of your suit is all shiny.
Oh, no, that's where I peed.
There's all the back-slapping you've been involved in at those faculty luncheons.
Want to get something published?
Publish this!
We need money!
Let's see what was on in the old...
...the old days when we had something to think about.
I've got one hour to convince you how badly we and the station need your support.
Uh, we have a special, special form of slack in store tonight.
Instead of us giving you slack for once,
you're going to finally give some back to us.
Of course, some of you have been doing so all along.
Praise Bob.
But for the rest of you, oh, this could be the moment of truth.
The moment at hand.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but...
You love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll Bob you out.
He'll Bob you out, folks.
You heard it here first.
If you don't love Bob, he'll Bob you out.
Bob you out.
Maybe it's their friendship reference.
Only if...
Only if...
Well, you know, if you...

If you don't pledge, there's going to be more than one reference.
You're going to have to listen to it forever.
Too many reference stands.
Listen until the money...
Dear friends...
We need that money.
Oh, my gosh.
Go for it.
Let's get us some spirit going here, man.
Look at those phones light up.
Oh, yes.
Look.
That'll go, friends.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
Can you imagine a world without slack?
A world without the hour of slack?
And even almost as bad.
A world...
A world without...
This station.
Because if you don't send some money by midnight tonight,
you're going to be wishing to God you had, or Bob...
Or somebody.
Or somebody.
The money's no good.
Just get a grip on yourself.
The money will be no good following the great collapse, which is imminent.
Yes.
The time to donate is now, because your money will be no good tomorrow.
It's true.
Peak slack.
Just look at your money sitting there in your wallet.
But...
It wants to be used.
It wants to be useful.
And yet...
It's just like so many pieces of paper.
But if you send now...
If you pledge now...
If you pledge now...
The money will be good.
That's right.
Because we have a secret plan to ride out the coming collapse.
Well, it's not a secret anymore.
But we have ways of making the money worth something tomorrow.
In ways that you will not be able to.
We have ways of making the money work?
For it is written in the scriptures,
Do not store up treasure on earth.
For thieves may get to it.
But store up treasure at this station.
For no thief can touch your money there.
And where your money is, so shall your heart be.
And if your heart isn't in this radio station, why are you even listening?
This is what I ask you.
Yes.
It is easier for a camel to get through the needle's eye
than for a rich man to make it into heaven.
With a little bit of money, you can make a lot of money.
Without having divested himself of some of those riches on this station.
The St. Stymie de Bergerac has called in with a pledge.
We praise St. Stymie, the greatest peonman in all of the Coventry area.
Consider your donation a little bit of lube, as it were.
This will help you squeeze through that eye of the needle.
We're not asking you for an erectile lubrication.
We're not asking you for that kind of donation.
You could donate your sperm any time you want.
And you know what?
They might give you 25 bucks if it works.
And you're better off taking that 25 bucks and sending it to this station.
And I forgot what the hell I was talking about.
Who cares?
As long as we get the money and stay on the air.
We're talking pennies a day.
Yeah.
Like the levy guys say, how much will this cost?
$100,000 home.
Well, none of you own a $100,000 home.
You own a $45.
car.
But if you send $15 now, you may quit smoking.
And we may continue to buy CDs and other citizens' rights and other things.
Call it the never say quit or never say continue.
I don't know.
Yeah, you could play with the idea.
Never say quit package.
Yeah, think of, is that worth some money to you folks?
Not only will you be listening to this station, you'll be smoking its ashtray and shooting
its glasses.
This is radio you can smoke.
Yeah, man.
Don't let the authorities know you're smoking this radio station.
We know you've been doing that.
Yeah.
We got our eyes open.
Heck, we used to before they sealed that window shut.
Back in the day, yeah.
You know, when Bob Dobbs runs out of frop for his pipe, what do you think he puts in his
pipe?
He puts in this station.
And you're sold.
And you don't have to be as wealthy as Bob to support us.
No, friends.
As a matter of fact, a tiny little minute.
We've been, we've been bandying about huge figures like $15.
$15, $20.
Hey, $5.
A $5 check or money order thrown into an envelope would make a huge difference.
You'd get a thank you note.
$10 would make twice as much difference.
And $100, well, then.
What do they get for $100?
For $100, Lonesome Cowboy Dave will come to your house.
I will not smooch buttocks.
And place upon your.
No.
Fundament the bestowal of his kiss.
I am not a fundamentalist, nor will I smooch a fundament.
I may have one as a snack, perhaps.
If you want to kiss the firmament.
You're not a fundy boy.
Now, there was a $200 cheap meat reverend staying at a cheap motel pledge.
But nobody's really taken us up on that since a long time ago in Dallas.
Do you think it's the economy?
Or do you just think it's your disheveled appearance and the fact that you've been in the tabloids so much lately?
A little bit of everything, of course.
Yeah.
I've done a little bit of everything.
When the collab starts, everything starts working against the protean.
Peak slack, man.
Yeah.
Was it Sata who wheeled the cliff up the hill?
Or was it Prometheus who liked to eat his meat?
Or was it John Lever?
You know?
Not here.
Or Wotan who kept picking his eye hole.
Yeah.
His little scabby hole where his eye used to be.
Right after Burt Lancaster or somebody shoved a big hot stick in there.
Friends, it's not easy being a god.
It isn't.
It's a bit like juggling, actually.
Some of the time.
But it is easy to be the god of this station by being the friendliest, nicest pleasure to call it the last minute
and get in your call, your donation to the hour.
Now, if you're really cool, you'll do it again for the next show.
Think of it, comrades.
Where they actually let you call in if you have the nerve.
And?
If you've had enough coffee.
You know, a $30 donation can actually get you a date with Bob.
That's right.
Absolutely.
Not Bob Dobbs, but Bob Delchin.
And no Tostitos at the bar.
This is strictly a pre-functional date.
Bob's a hooker like you.
Bob's just another hooker like all of us.
He'll do it for you.
This may say something about him.
The fact that it says a quantity available unlimited.
So he's willing to go out with as many of you ladies as are willing to pony up.
Use your imagination, girls.
Why do you think they call it?
Well, actually, now it's the time to say that you are, in fact, listening.
To a pledge drive on this station.
You know, you think in profusion about how little there is of this active sort of voice in the radio nowadays.
Too many people talk about their titties, their twangers.
They look at their history or geology books as they get ready for the next adolescent tune.
But here on this station, you hear a plethora of adult entertainment.
And you don't have to use your imagination to watch those.
Those boobies flounce.
Or those ideas come out and pink on you.
You don't need a placenta.
No, you don't need that savage placenta.
What do you think you are, David Lynch back in the early days?
F-f-f-f-f-falling around, checking things out?
Nah, man.
You're born again.
Into the new flesh.
A flesh of listeners.
A carnal union of millions of listeners.
You can't get out.
You must give back.
Hahaha.
Okay.
Extra.
новей ep.
Now, you can have
I believe you should have, strong,
soon,
this amazing new symphony
generates in the mind of the salesman before it does in the prospective.
You all sell something to sell.
Everyone selling together.
You can call in tonight, set it up.
You'll never have to think again.
And of course, a check or money order is always so much fun.
Come, a big Gibbs of golly goshin' better puke your peat on full throttle potentate.
Elsewise, your wants will be waggin' down on mammy's hind nannies.
Why can't your peas or poppers squeeze it when the gushers are goin' all normal-like?
Got your no geyser sense in your sneezin' chamber, boy?
Heistin' an empty platter in your beanbag?
Where's your rollerballs, eh?
I can't grop me no love grow on this luju-luju band.
You're gonna have to spreach English, Jake.
Get right.
With your muscle snake, snunk monkey.
Quit spritzin' your plizzerer, lessen it's snowin' white lute juice, baby.
Elsewise, your pleatin' bleeder's blowin' hot water.
You go blind, or please you neither, tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong orbit for this kinda free-kneedin' bleedin' side trade, eh?
Well, won't you go stand there like a dammy nickel slug, or you gonna plus your plimper in righteous hargany?
Hey, P-boy.
Got weenie ribbers and fluter tubes, don't you?
Join gumption's with the true and the seed brave.
And pee for Bob, man, and send your jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned with your skinny peelin' face of pain.
This has been your enunciator.
Thank me.
Amen.
Well, when did it?
Today.
Today.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death which brings me...
Mis amigos queridos, ¿qué quiere en su vida?
¿Riqueza grande?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
¿Conoce usted a Bob Dobbs?
Eh, Chabot.
Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob.
This station.
This is the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of slack.
We are full grown.
We are grown up men.
We are all past.
The age of reasoning.
It is our mission.
It is our task.
It's obvious.
Yet you still ask.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
This time.
Oh yes dear friends.
That's right.
We'll be saving.
The universe on this.
This.
Like I say.
It's one chance.
The swinging love corpses.
Want you to save the universe.
Robert Anton Wilson.
Our special celebrity guest star.
Wanted to save the universe.
And the zombies for Bob here.
Answering the phone.
Want they did desire.
They desire for you to save.
This universe.
So you know how.
You know that number.
You've memorized it by now.
It's been hammered into your head enough.
Hello listener.
I'm your guardian angel Sergio.
I just stopped by to ask if you're donating to Radiothon.
This year.
What?
You're not.
But don't you understand how important Radiothon is?
Let me show you how things would be if no one donated to Radiothon.
See that over there.
That's this station.
But wait.
Those aren't the same DJs you know and love.
Because no one donated to Radiothon.
This station ran out of funds.
When that happened.
Everyone had to leave.
And now the evil preppy kids have come in to turn this station into a farm club for commercial radio.
And now they're doing a five hour.
Dave Matthews marathon.
AHHHHH!
STOP BALLOONING MY STATION WITH THOSE UNHOLY SOUNDS!
And look over there.
That's little Johnny Indie Rocker.
But he's not an indie rocker now.
Without this station.
He was unable to get turned on to underground rock music like the Shins or the Brian Jonestown Massacre.
Instead he's been listening to Creed and Limp Bizkit because the corporate music machine has fooled him into thinking that sort of music is alternative rock.
This station.
Was never around to show him the real alternative rock.


And now he's screaming nonsense about the nookie and listening to that ironic cover of George Michael over and over again.
And look at all the blues fans.
They've got the blues all right.
Because they don't have any blues to listen to on the radio.
And I could show you all the downtrodden punk metal jazz folk reggae and ethnic music fans.
But I think you get the point.
All radio has become a swirling vortex of tripe drivel and crap because there was no this station to redeem it.
The corporate music machine got its way.
So now all there is to listen to on the radio is.
Country Top 40 and Dave Matthews.
But it doesn't have to be this way.
You can still donate to Radiothon.
All you have to do is call this station and a friendly operator will be ready to take your pledge.
Remember every donation is like a silver bullet in the heart of the corporate radio beast.
It's your donation that will support us and keep us afloat.
What's that?
You'll donate?
Woohoo!
Go ahead and call this station right now.
I don't want any status.
Luck.
Prosperity.
By.
By blowing them off.
But don't blow off that pledge drive, friends.
Bob's promises to life is still the nature of abnormal behavior.
I'm not going to.
We ain't going to be taking no guff this time.
This time.
This time you are going to pay up.
You are going to call.
Because that sweet name of Bob, my friend.
What else can you do?
What else are you going to do with that money?
Well, I can probably think of all kinds of things you can do with that money.
All right.
We go.
Oh, yes, friend.
See, if you don't call in, that's all you're going to hear all across this nation forever.
And it won't even be Elvis, probably.
That's the shame of it all.
It'd be the bald-headed Elvis from Michigan, I guess.
But you're laughing.
Oh, yeah.
You're laughing, saying, oh, I don't care.
I don't care if radioactive rain destroys all the fish and fauna and pollutes the water from me not supporting this station.
Oh, I don't care.
I don't care if our firestorms kill all dormant seeds on Earth, making regeneration of plant life possible.
Oh, I don't.
I'd just as soon get this station for free.
I don't have a spare $10 because I'm going to spend it on cigarettes and liquor and false slack.
Oh, yeah.
I don't care if vast quantities of nitrogen oxide dramatically increase ultraviolet radiation.
I don't care if we're going to have to go to the point where humans and animals are blind and we can't even hear an hour of slack with our eyes.
Oh, just compromise your immune system by not sending, not pledging a penny or even worse, by pretending to be a subgenius and pledging but never even actually sending the check.
Huh?
Sick.
Sick creatures out there.
They don't even care.
I mean, it is so ironic.
Some of these false preachers can raise millions and millions of dollars.
No problem there.
Well, I tell you what.
I challenge you, Jim Swaggart.
I challenge you, Jim Baker.
I challenge you, Oral Roberts.
You see this hand here?
You see this hand in front of me, Mr. Jim Baker?
This is called the claw, and it's got the power of dogs in it and the power of Bob.
And I challenge you to show your ugly face here at this radio station and come forward.
Go ahead.
Come forward.
Come forward with all your millions.
I'm ready to have a match without rules.
No rules at all.
One will survive.
One only.
One minister will leave the match still breathing if one of you goody-goody preachers has the guts to show up.
Ah, yes.
I'm sitting here drinking some Texas Select beer, friends.
Beer!
You hear that, Jimmy Swaggart?
You don't drink beer, oh no, or smoke on a prop because you don't know the power.
You deserve.
I challenge any minister do-gooder out there to show up.
All of you, with all your TV shows and all your bought-off politicians, your paid-off judges.
Do any trick you want, but I got the claw, I got the power of Bob and the power of Texas Select.
And you, my friend listener, has the power to call this station.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
The times, the end times get closer and closer every minute.
Imagine some...
guy or some gal driving around out there.
They're tired of listening to the same old music on their conspiracy radio show.
So they try switching channels and they come upon this.
They hear these voices talking and they think,
Now what is this, a talk show?
A church show?
A comedy?
I mean, oh my God, are these people serious?
It's too developed to be a joke.
Should I kill them?
Or should I...
Which will it be, friend?
Which will it be?
Which will it be?
Kill us or pay us?
Either way, call...
this station.
It's...
There's some...
some have-nots out there, I know.
By definition, many subgeniuses are have-nots in money, but they do have slack.
And at least they know what they're missing.
So, you've done okay by not having money, haven't you?
And so, therefore, it won't hurt you a bit.
It won't hurt you to have a bit less.
And the money doesn't go to me.
It doesn't even go to the Will of Dobbs.
It doesn't even go to someone else.
Your membership money does, though.
It goes to keep...
this station...
on the air...
without...
this station.
You won't get the hour of slack free.
You'll be like everybody else out there.
Give to us something to live for.
Anything.
We need hope now, love.
I'm a robot, you son of a bitch!
