It feels like your skin is being torn right off you and then you ache all over and get sick and you can't breathe.
Your nose runs and you have a high fever and then you pass out, but when you wake up it starts all over again.
The Self Genius Power of Swag.
Such a stupid, ghastly, tragic mistake.
Tonight's show is a mix of old and young.
Part of it is old me and old lonesome cowboy Dave.
A new call-in recording.
And the young folks are from the last X-Day drill in Florida.
Reverend Fid Chooley of the Super Sphere denomination.
And the Time for the Show show fame.
Hosting a late night...
Sorry.
All night Sunday night in fact at X-Day.
And his first guest was Reverend Purge who is a very pretty young black trans woman with great knockers who is an adult film star.
So it's a different show.
Like I say, it's the old and the young.
Not exactly getting.
Together but contrasting I guess in some way.
And I'm not sure what order it's going to be in but let's just wing it.
And praise Bob.
By the way I'm recording this out in the woods taking a break from walking the dogs with Princess Wave.
Ahhh.
And it's hot.
Yes.
But we have special little plastic cheap chairs.

And wind chimes.
Yes.
But the wind isn't blowing.
No.
It's hot.
It's hot.
Anyway back to this week's strange hour of slack young and old mix.
Praise Bob.
Yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai.
I don't really yell too much and if I do I yell quietly.
Hey Fox.
Slightly.
Old Crow.
Can you hear me all right up there?
Can you hear me?
All right.
Cool, cool, cool.
And just make it so everybody else can hear you.




Old Crow.
Sorry.
Yeah we're doing a marriage tonight.
I think if we just put the podium over that's fine.
Okay.
You are now live on freethinkradio.com.
Oh my god.
We are live on freethinkradio.com.
Hello everybody.
It is the Too Late Show with Dr. Beelzebub.
Crow.
Bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow.
Bow.
Folks, we got a special show for you tonight.
We got a lot going on.
We've got a marriage that we're going to officiate.
Maybe even get a little consummation going on stage.
I don't know.
This might be the wrong part of the resort for that.
I understand there is a nudist part of the resort and then a f***ing part of the resort.
And I don't know if those are the same thing or a different thing.
But either way, we're very happy to have all of you with us here tonight.
We got a lot going on.
Okay, this is X-Day.
I never really knew that X-Day was a thing until I accidentally wandered down here.
I got on the wrong megabus and I got off here at this resort.
And these fantastic people, they started telling me about UFOs.
And if you know anything about our show, we talk about UFOs a lot.
We think about UFOs a lot.
We like to make foods kind of shaped like UFOs from time to time.
UFO pies and cookies and that sort of thing.
But the point.
The point that I'm trying to get across here, folks, is this s*** is weird.
All right.
This is allegedly the Church of the Subgenius.
All right.
Now, from what I understand, we worship a guy named J.R. Bob Dobbs.
All right.
And there's a deep mythology and indeed a theology associated with Mr. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But tonight, folks, we're going to highlight for you what we've learned about the Church of the Subgenius over the last few days.
We've met some really lovely people.
We've met some really lovely people here in Florida over the last few days.
And we would like to sort of, you know, bring that to you back at home, wherever that is.
You know, probably you're watching YouTube.
A lot of people watch us while they're taking a s***.
A lot of people watch us like while they're supposed to be doing their homework.
That's kind of, you know, that's one of our big demographics, people trying to do homework.
We also get a lot of traffic from people that click on the wrong video.
And a lot of times when you're in a K-hole, you can't really click away from the video that you accidentally clicked on.
So you end up watching.
You are s*** about an hour and a half.
You wake up later on.
You're like, oh, did I even do ketamine?
I feel so dumb.
I usually don't feel this dumb when I wake up from a ketamine binge.
Not that I know anything about that, folks.
I don't do, well.
All right.
Nicotine doesn't count as a drug.
Also, alcohol doesn't count as a drug.
Ketamine doesn't count as a drug.
None of that stuff is drugs.
Look, folks, I'm sorry.
I'm getting distracted.
Let me introduce you to our.
Let me get this through real quick.
OK, you know, on the ones and twos and threes and fours and probably even other numbers.
We've got Mr.
Jonah Jones.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And then, of course, we have our inestimable producer, Mr.
Daniel Holmes.
Call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call.
And running our running our Chiron in the back, you know, we have Dr.
Beef Supreme.
He's around here somewhere.
Oh.
There he is.
That's that mother.
So we're going to get right around to it, folks.
Look, we've got a very small time slot today.
OK, we're going to be on for about 10 or 15 minutes and then we're going to be on for the next eight hours.
So, you know, settle in, grab yourself, you know, whatever you need to tie off with and join us for a long, weird trip down.
J.R.
Bob Dobbs Lane.
So here's a question.
Where's my second microphone?
Because this is like allegedly a talk show.
And if I don't have two microphones, then I can't really, you know, I can't really talk to anybody.
You know, I can talk to myself, but nobody wants to be that.
Well, so I've actually, you know, over the last few days, I've learned a lot about myself and the limits of moisture.
You know, I myself.
You know, I'm a little bit of a.

A lot of folks might not know this, but I'm actually the half son of Satan.
So I'm used to a hot climate.
You know, I spent most of my summers as a child.
Oh, that's a microphone right there.
The Zing.
Oh, that's fucking beautiful.
Whoa. It's got a little got a ninja star attached to it.
Yeah, it's the kind of microphone you could throw that through the air, like really do some damage to somebody.
This should be good.
Oh, my.
God.
Does it does it say call?
It says call.
Oh, good.
Good.
This is actually this is a nice mic.
This one's nice and loud.
Well, I mean, but I'm loud.
Oh, I can be louder.
Well, that's not that's not.
Oh, it's not the goal.
I'm going to start the show.
You're the producer.
Oh, oh, I can be louder than you.
I'm just fading.
I will have a background stage right now.
I am not in front of the PA.
I will cry.
Okay.
Okay.
We should.
Don't be louder than me.
Okay.
It's important.
All right.
Sorry, everybody.
I mean, for my producer to upstage me.

Like a monster.
Anyway.
All right.
I know.
I see.
I think I see it out here in the audience.
One of our one of our lovely guests for this evening.
Would you like to come up on stage and join us for a brief moment?
Carl, make some room for our guest.
Damn it.
Well, hi.
Hi.
Welcome to the show.
I'm Dr.
I'm Dr.
James Crow.
Hi, Dr.
Crow.
I'm Dr.
Perg.
Dr.
Perg.
It's really nice to meet you.
So tell me, what brings you to X Day?
Are you here for the UFOs or the guy with the pipe?
What initially drew you to the Church of the Subgenius?
I wasn't drawn to the Church of the Subgenius.
I was drafted.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Like a kind of a military style.
You were forced into service.
Yes.
It's that sometimes it doesn't take any time.
It doesn't take you stepping forward.
It takes everyone else stepping back.
That's true.
You're the only the lone survivor.
It's true.






And you still have to live.
If you want to make it like a true survivor.
A true survivor.
And when was this you were drafted?
I mean, how long have you been a part of the Church?
Oh, time is an illusion, but also I'm not great with it either.
That's a solid fucking point.
A fucking point.
Okay.
All right.
Well, several years.
That's good enough for me.
I can't really count much higher than eight or nine anyway, just between the two of us.
So like anything beyond that could just completely go over my head.
And so, what do you do in the Church?
You know, from what I know, I come to this church like every day, every night, every
From what I understand, I've been watching a lot of people in leadership roles and non-leadership roles,
and I can't really tell what anyone's deal is.
Is this an organization? Is this a roving gypsy party-style event?
What's going on here at X Day? Help me understand.
It's that leadership roles aren't doled out. They're taken.
They have to be claimed.
Yes, they have to be claimed.
It's that it is...
Oh God, you're going to break me into a story, aren't you?
I mean, I like stories.
It's that upon my first X Day, again, just like yourself,
I did not know that X Day was a thing that actually occurred.
I thought it was something that happened in the past.
Something that you saw...
Sorry, God. Okay, all right, I'm into the mic.
Is this any better?
All right.
But yes, I didn't know that the...
X Day...

X Day actually still occurred.
And when I was told, again, I don't know if you guys can tell online,
probably with the white balance of the way it's set,
I'm probably an unlocked character at this point.
A mystery character has appeared.
You need more badges to unlock me.
But I'm of a darker skin tone,
and with all the history and things that come with that,
I was not fully mentally prepared.
I wasn't prepared for what I was about to witness.
And also, I didn't know what to expect.
I just thought two white people were going to take me into the woods
and do terrible things.
That's usually how it goes.
There's a history there.
Yeah.
But when I...
Upon arriving,
upon arriving,
I was greeted with community and love and kindness
and just this great social structure
and madness and terror
and jankum fumes.
And it was just...
All the beautiful things in life, all combined into one.
However, this year, there is no jankum.
You have to bring your own.
We have running water.
It is nice.
Yeah, that is nice.
But my car didn't get hot enough on the way down here,
so I'm still trying to get my second badge going.
Give it time.
Okay, okay.
It will eventually ferment and mature.
Okay.
I like that you talked about sort of being surprised
by the amount of community that you saw here.
I've been following...
the writings of the church,
and I've been listening to the Hour of Slack for a long time now,
and there's a very powerful sarcastic edge
to the church's comedy.
I thought that I might be able to get more of that
in the personal interactions that I got here,
but everyone has been so kind and loving and welcoming.
It really is a beautiful contrast
to the sort of the, you know,
the kind of the edge humor that happens a lot
around subgenius media.
I love it so far.
Yes.
I think what I'm trying to suggest is that one of the biggest things
that they think that when they look at our readings,
they look at our rants and our teachings,
that they think that we're just generally hateful assholes,
and that's true.
We are hateful assholes,
but it's a clean burning hate.
It's an efficient hate.

That's not a coal-style hate.
This is a nuclear hate.
Yes.
Nuclear.
Nuclear.
Nu-cu-lar.
There you go.
You'll get it.
I think that's right.
I'll get there eventually.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm releasing a report with 40 recommendations
that left 10 people dead.
The actual number of deaths was more than 4,600.
Governor says
the racial racial racial racism
can make in-plan the all-
tougher red metal gun locks to help identify PR News.
The United States is running out of immigrant children
who are being separated from PR News.
Immigrant children usually stay in bed.
Immigrant children jump PR News illegally,
unlawfully in empty government buildings.
Twenty-two percent.
Ninety-five percent.
Retail giant Walmart is threatening to disrupt
Canada's second largest PR News
in Washington.
Millions who are scary kids

by committing 0 to 0 Ross in September.

. But the ROJ is outlawed.
Well, that's a cognitive problem in your brain.
So I'll pretend that I just called you.
Okay.
Hello, Dave.
Hi, Doug.
Hey, Dave.
We didn't really talk for a minute or two before we started this recording or anything.
That's right.
I didn't cut anything off the beginning, any clumsy, awkward sound problems.
Oh, yeah.
Sound problems, overtures, and various physical liabilities, too, as well.
Well, we actually have those very much so today because any minute all four dogs might start barking frantically at deer.
There's a tribe of deer or deer-like things that have decided that our backyard is their toilet.
Well, that's a good idea.
Yeah.
I thought.
I mean, there were, you know, bums and other homeless people that would walk by and they saw the sign.
No.
You put it up.
We only have homeless animals out here.
It's too far for bums to walk.
Well, do they need toilet paper and other experimentary valves or are they pretty much.
Maybe I shouldn't leave the rolls of toilet paper hanging from trees because that may be what's drawing the deer.
It's confusing.
It's making me think, come on home and we'll have some.
We'll have some sauerkraut and some pickles and honest eggs and, you know, stuff like that.
And we leave ourselves with nature's problems.
Yeah.
Nature's vowels, I would say.
Nature's vowels because it's more of a vowel sound.
Well, the deer leave all these little piles of smart pills all over the yard.
The dogs are not very smart.
They try to eat them.
If we walk them around back there.
See, the deer don't come.
If they come into the fence part, let's call that the front yard.
It's fenced and the dogs can't get out and the deer can't get in or don't want to.
And then there's, let's call it the backyard, which is, for all intents and purposes, endless wilderness.
Yeah, we'll call it the backyard.
Yeah.
And so the varmints come and go.
Raccoons and possums, foxes and.
Armadillos?
Armadillos, yeah.
They all go under the back porch with the cats and play poker and smoke cigars.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah.
That's what I was told would probably happen next.
Yeah.
With the vowels and the chocolate bars and the cigars.
And the wasps and centipedes apparently don't interfere with the game like they do with me.
You know, I went to the hospital.
I went to the hospital with a wasp sting all of a sudden a couple of months ago.
I never used to be allergic like that.
But my nurse, Reverend Anna Phylaxis, gave me a bunch of injections that made me fall asleep practically right there at the hospital.
And saved me from dying.
Now I have a special shot that if I go exploring out in the woods, which I don't do anymore.
I don't do that anymore.
I can give myself an injection.
Yeah.
You just carry that micrometer around with you like it was a bad joke.
And if the highway patrol ever stops, you just like jump out of the car and stick it in their arm and let them chase you all summer.
At least for a few more years.
Yeah.
The cops chasing me?
I don't want to do that either.
I'm just getting tired of running, you know.
Okay.
I can't run.
I can't run anymore.
I don't know what to tell you what to do.
You're still wearing the sports sneakers.
I made all these trails, these secret trails that lead from my house down to the creek and various other hideouts.
And in case the black helicopters show up, you know, I'm always ready to bolt.
As long as they don't have stang-sniffing dogs, they wouldn't be able to follow me.
Because I'm not sure where I'd go.
After I got down to the creek.
Well, I heard that they are now using stang-sniffing dogs in almost every adventure with Mr. Stang.
Yeah, that's what I heard too.
So I don't want to have any more adventures.
I really hate adventures.
I had a bunch over the years and they all were terrifying and tiring and hurtful and traumatizing.
Well, maybe you need a nice big pair.
You know, you can wear panties and a brassiere and confuse the animals into thinking you're something you're not.
Like maybe, you know, a great college professor or a cyclops or something.
I don't know.
But get them on a different track.
No, just wear a wig and a dress and tell them that I'm the Queen of England and they better leave me alone.
Oh, that sounds great.
Yeah, I got that idea from my Cheech and Chong game.
There's a game that tells you to dress up like the Queen of England?
Well, Chong was going to get deported.
You would...
And because he's Canadian.
I don't know if you knew that.
But Chong of Cheech and Chong is Canadian.
And so they were going to deport him.
So he dressed as the Queen of England.
And the mayor believed him and fell in love with him and tried to seduce him really hard.
Yeah.
Well, it sounds good so far.
You know what happened.
Then...
What did happen?
He got deported and that was the end of the story.
Oh, no.
Then Bigfoot showed up and it distracted everybody from Chong being deported.
And that just sort of got forgotten because of Bigfoot and the aliens.
Yeah.
Now there's aliens everywhere.

There's aliens in it.
In fact, there's also aliens in my other Idle Harvest game, Trailer Park Boys Greasy Money.
I've gotten really far in both of these games.
I make like an assload-tillion as soon as I start up a business in those things now.
Because they're so upgraded and corrupt.
You did confuse me.
Because you had me thinking it was all part of the backyard.
And now you're telling me it's a game.
A video game that you play.
No, that's just where I got the idea of dressing up like the Queen of England and telling the black helicopters that,
Hey, hey, don't mess with me.
I'm the Queen of England.
You're trying to start a...
I'd say it's like in a British accent.
You're not trying to start an international incident now, are you?
Bloody well, better not be.
Yeah, that's right.
That's pretty convincing, isn't it?
Yeah, that's what I was hoping for.
The whole time doing our timesheets together there.
Right.
I wanted to see you dressed like that.
And you did it.
And so now I feel much better.
My beard might throw them off a little bit.
Well, beards throw everybody off a little bit.
You know, that's not your problem.
If they don't like a beard, you can tell them to go take a royal hike.
Right.
I've got a phone app called Faceplant or something like that.
And you can take a picture of anybody and replace a movie actor with your face.
For some reason, Bob's face doesn't work because it can't handle the pipe.
Yeah.
But my face, it works with my face pretty well.
And so I've added my face to Marilyn Monroe movies and Sophia Loren movies and Thai dancer,
ballerina movies and stuff.
And it's really hideous and scary.
You can see it on my YouTube.
I think it's called Bobmations or something like that.
It's the latest in my experimental animations playlist.
It's really pretty sickening.
So you did, you Photoshopped your head?
Well, it's moving.
Into the body of a Thai.
The funny thing is it adds your face onto, say, Marilyn Monroe.
And she's talking or singing.
And when she smiles, you smile.
And when she closes her eyes, you close your eyes.
It's quite realistic.
You know, it's like an instant deep fake.
I could add my face to Joe Biden's speeches and everybody would think I was the president.
I have a stutter similar to his.
And, you know, they'd be able to collect blue peaches.
And then they'd be able to go to the super reals and say I was falling down senile.
Really, I'm just falling asleep senile.
Yeah.
I'm not at the falling down from the senility.
Just falling asleep from it.
So as my ex-wife used to say, though, senility is the last thing you have to worry about.
Yeah, I know.
Real funny.
Yeah.
Heh, heh.
Heh, heh, heh.
So I still don't understand if you're in a Thai movie, the queen of Thailand has your face on, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And she's singing and dancing and everything.
And she's singing like that lady that's in the...
It's really disturbing.
They all...
In bridal movies.
Or, I'm sorry.
Well, it looks...
I'd look a little better on, like, monster movie characters and things like that.
But the female characters, it looks like my mom with a beard.
And glasses.
Everybody looks like that to me, in some way or another.
Everybody looks like your mom with a beard?
Yeah.
Or your mom with a beard, too.
In fact...
I saw a movie in which this mentally ill man, superhero, was so traumatized by his evil mother,
who gave him his unique powers at a great cost.
And everyone he sees looks like his mom, which makes it easy for him to kill people,
because he hates her so much.
And they have scenes where he tells somebody,
well, I find it easy to kill others because everyone looks like my mom.
And you see, for a couple of times, you see through his eyes, and sure enough,
everyone looks like his mom.
The fat guy looks like a fat version of his mom.
The skinny guy looks like a skinny version of his mom.
Everyone looks like his mom.
And the strange superpower that is given to this man in this movie, called the Suicide Squad,
is that he can shoot polka dots out of his flesh.
These polka dot tumors form all over his body,
and when they build up too much and he becomes too heavy,
he expels them and they blow things up.
Polka dots.
Multicolored, gaily colored polka dots come shooting out of this guy's diseased body
and blow up buildings and stuff.
That's his superpower.
That sounds like a good weapon to use.
Polka dot man.
Yeah.
That sounds exciting.
My friend Dr. Philo Drummond started a Facebook page called
Bad Superhero.
He's got a bunch of super villain and super hero names.
And I should just read a list of them, but I don't have it in front of me.
Oh yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Read a list, but you don't have it in front of me.
Right.
I also have a list of all the mystery men who weren't in the mystery men movie,
but are mentioned in it.
And they're pretty funny.
There's like the Waffler ballerina man.
Yeah.
Ballerina man.
French tickler.
Oh, Lucky Pierre and the French tickler.
White flight and black rage or something like that.
Another pair made in heaven, yeah.
Yeah, there are all these superhero teams that are pretty funny.
And all I'm hoping they're all, if not heterosexual, at least some form of sexual.
Oh, they're all over the place.
I saw another superhero movie called The Old Guard, which was really pretty fun.
And it has these, there's five immortals that have been around for thousands of years living in secret,
mostly doing good deeds by killing lots of bad guys.
And two of the five immortals are gay men that are really, really deeply in love with each other.
Which is an unusual aspect for a superhero movie.
Yeah, that's usually what.
They're always holding hands and hugging and kissing and stuff.
And then they kick ass, you know, and kill bad guys.
Yeah.
I just learned there's going to be a sequel to it.
I'm very excited about that, actually.
Yeah, that's usually where I put the bookmark in there.
And I read a couple of chapters post-tense.
Yeah.
And into the next chapter.

Yeah.

Because I don't want to, you know, think too many thoughts at one time.
Because this has easily crushed my brain as anybody else.
You know, so.
Well, yeah, your brain crushes mine every time we do a show.
Mine in reverse, too.
It's the same thing to you.
And I have, when I listen back to it, it's like I have to relive getting my brain crushed over and over again.
Well, I'm sorry about that part.
I couldn't help that.

I know.
Well, it's Dr. Howell does it, too.
He crushes my brain.
Philo does.
Philo is one of the only people who doesn't crush my brain because we have almost exactly the same brain powers or lack thereof.
And also we tend to sound a little bit alike.
So it doesn't matter which one of us says what.
It's going to come out the same way.
Either way.
Yeah.
Like an Andrew Flax Lloyd or whatever.
Yeah.
People can't tell us apart except that I'm so much better looking than him.
Well, I heard this one woman, one woman scream out in the middle of the parking lot.
It's alive.
It's alive.
And it was pointed at a picture and looked like you dressed up as the queen of Thailand.
Yeah.
And Philo dressed up as the queen of England.
Right.
That's Philo Dina.
Philo Dina.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Oh yeah.

That's a good one.
What did you think?
Oh, yeah.
I thought you were going to say you were going to sayandi.




That's what this hack.
Oh, uso Who's understood.
It is very famous for Facebook.

Video game What works in walking
you can'
If you're an activist who doesn't care about your relationships, don't.


Oh, condensed, condensed.
Okay?
Sorry.

I actually don't meet these people on stage for the first time.
We talked beforehand.
And I know you don't want to see how the sausage is made,
but I feel like we do want to be transparent here.
They do with me.
Oh, oh, oh, I see.
So let's get into the sausage a little bit, okay?
So you're part of the adult film industry.
Yes, yes, I am.
So how did you first get into that?
Are you a self-starter?
Were you approached?
How did you first get into it?
Huh.
Again, another thing you can't tell probably from the camera is that I'm trans.
Okay.
Very proudly so.
But, like, in my own personal headcanon,
I believe that at one point in time, earlier on in life,
I really, really wanted to be a porn star.
And somewhere a monkey's hand slowly closed.
And it transed my gender.
And, yeah, it's much easier to be a porn star when you're a girl.
So, yeah, things were made.
Things were made.
Things happened.
I approached the studio.
They said yes.
I don't know why, but they did say yes.
They saw something in you or something that they wanted to be in you.
Exactly.
And it just has been going on well ever since.
Like, the most put-together my life has ever been is when I became a porn star.
Oh, that's awesome.
It's great.
Yeah, it's great.
So, tell me a little bit about the day-to-day logistics of this.
Like, I'm always fascinated with, like, the minutia of jobs.
How do you schedule stuff?
Like, do you do it months in advance, weeks in advance?
Is it kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing from time to time?
It is a bit of a spur-of-the-moment thing.
However, you're doing well if you have two weeks of content prepared in advance.
For bigger studio shoots, you may have those planned months in advance.
Like, I had my...
August schedule planned in February.
Okay, well, alright.
That's pretty far in advance.
I'm going to be doing, like, eight shoots in the span of a week and a half.
I don't know how...
Sounds exhausting.
Oh, yes.
Do you just have to get, like, a flat of Powerade and, like, a bunch of cashews?
Like, how do you survive it?
Oh, that's cool things I can talk about.
The logistics of a porn girl's, like, packing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Usually pack several things, several interchangeable outfits for lingerie.
Okay, sure, sure, sure.
Do you usually...
So, do you do mainly video or mainly photography or both?
Is that...
I do video, primarily.
However, there is usually photo shoots of about 150, 200 photos per scene.
Little thing behind.
Usually in porn, like, when you look at the photos, they aren't just stills of the video.
You actually restage those events, that timeline, in photos.
See, you get the storyboard, you go through it again.
Exactly.
Okay, okay.
So, you take the pictures and then you go through those actions and try and hit those same markers.
Interesting.
So, okay, here's kind of a weird question.
Are there any directors that are good at the photo part but total trash at the video or vice versa?
Yeah, however, I have been blessed with seeing multiple good, well-versed producers slash directors slash photographers.
Usually they start in camera photography, stills, and then they go on to do video.
That makes sense.
You get the static stuff down first and then you're able to do the dynamic stuff a little more easily.
And they usually have some...
Every producer usually has their own formula of how they like things to go.
Okay, sure.
And so they'll do the same things over and over.
And they kind of have a grindhouse style of production.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah, because for a lot of porn production companies, they're putting out a load of scenes all the time.
I would imagine as a producer for that, you've got to get people in and out the door.
Oh, yeah.
It's that the typical porn scene, in my particular case, lasts about two hours.
Okay, all right, all right.
How much of that is downtime?
What is the longest out of stretch that you'll actually be filming?
Oh, yeah.
I think it's about a week.

So, usually I count it from when things start.
Okay.
Sometimes there is makeup and production, but usually when you get there, everyone's
already there and set up, and you're the diva late to the party.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I love being in that position personally.
As a host, I love bitching at my staff, you know, being like, eh, you got the wrong M&Ms.
You're probably a lot nicer to the people that you work with.
These are technically...
I don't pay them.
I don't have somebody.
It's a much less professional relationship.
Yeah.
Stranger.
I've got to watch this recorder here.
I just...
It went from two...
The battery was at two of four, and now it's at one of four.
One of four.
Yeah.
It'll either...
I don't know what that means.
One of four.
Well, it's like cell phone power, you know.
It's like, I'm only getting one bar.
Oh, my God.
I'm not getting any bars.
Yeah, I mean, you're...
This is a dry county.
There's no bars out here.
Is it really a dry county?
No.
No.
Where I am is...
Well, you can't get hard liquor except in...
You have to join a club for an hour to drink a hard liquor, and they don't sell it in stores
here.
They used to be dry until my family moved here, and my father, the lawyer, put an end
to that first thing.
Then he quit drinking.










Well, nice gift to the rest of the community.
He was a heavy drinker, and he moved out here, and he said, I'm gonna have to make this county
wet again, and he did.
And then a few years later, he kind of went, I don't think I better drink anymore ever
again.
And he was 45 when that happened, and he turned into a really nice guy.
Yeah.
Strange.
Yeah.



That's what happens.
Yeah, but his old drinking buddies thought he was...
It's like, what happened to Captain Stang?
He's not...
What happened?
Do you know why he quit?
And I said, I always guessed that maybe he woke up in a ditch with his car rolled over
on its side with somebody's bloody panties in his mouth, and he doesn't even know who's
they were and where they came from.
Yeah.
That's what I assumed.
That's what usually happens.
Yeah.
Why'd you quit drinking?
Because, well, why...
Because the same reason most people quit drinking.
Yeah, that was why I quit drinking.
But then it happened again, and it traumatized me so much, I started drinking again.
Yeah, you can't go 70 in a 35-mile-an-hour zone.
You just can't do that anymore.
I'll tell you what, though.
I have not operated a motor vehicle under the influence of anything in years and years.
Not even Polish cake?
Well, my riding mower, yeah, and the utility vehicle that my dad left me.
It's...
Well, it's a good...
Princess, we and I used to drive way out to the back 40 and work on...
Make love.
No, no.
We were actually cleaning out dinosaur tracks and making casts of them, and then when we
were finished, we'd celebrate by drinking two beers.
And then we'd drive back real crazy, wild, screaming.
But this is our own property, so, you know, and there's no...
We're not likely to run into anybody else except my drunken nephews and nieces driving
their utility vehicles all over, or their dirt bikes and stuff.
Well, you're allowed to be a yahoo on your own time.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Actually, somebody told me that in Texas it's illegal to drink and drive on your own property.
I don't know.
I mean, this is supposed to be a patriotic state where you can do anything you want except
to get a shot and wear a mask.
You better not do that, because, you know, the government has control over your body
for that.
Yeah.
And abortion.
You can't get an abortion and you can't get a shot, because what'll the neighbors think?
Oh, speaking of which, you know, the only person who comes here is a nurse for my mother-in-law,
my 92-year-old mother-in-law.
This nurse comes twice a week.
And she told me about two weeks ago, we went out to the Rangers game and sat in the stands
and just hollered and yelled, and I realized this woman in front of me, although she was
wearing a mask, was in a crowd of screaming rural Texans in the big city, packed together.
I bet she comes down with the COVIDs.
And she did.
She did.
She had to call in sick on Tuesday and say, I can't come in because I got a fever.
And it turned out she did indeed have COVID.
And I hope she can handle it at home, because we ain't got no beds left in this county or
the next county or the county after that.
They have to fly people to Oklahoma, because they're slightly less backwards there, believe
it or not.
I can't believe it.
It's shocking.
But they've legalized medical marijuana in Oklahoma and in Texas.
And Arkansas.
But not Texas.
Oh, hell no.
It's just what, that's just what the people want.
Like Governor Frankenfurter or whatever his name is.
Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus.
Seems to be quite an anal mess of garbage.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They, you know, the funny thing is they thought that the COVID was just going to kill ethnic
groups in big cities that traditionally vote Democrat.

And it did at first.
But now it's starting to hit the people who, I'm not going to wear a mask even if God King
Trump tells me to get a shot.
I'm not going to get that job.
King Trump.
And yeah, and they, and now they're dying like flies.
There's going to be a lot fewer, let's say, red state type voters soon.
So there is a silver lining.

There's a silver lining, you could, you could say.
Yeah.
And people are starting to say that too, I've noticed.
I think we talked about this.
Calling the silver lining.
I was wondering about the same thing about Sturgis.
If that turned out to be kind of a wonder.
Oh, yeah.
The Sturgis biker.
Biker rally.
Yeah.
I ain't afraid of no COVID.
I'm a tough guy.
I can't breathe.
I ain't going to get no shot.
What do you think?
I'm stupid.
Yeah.
I remember when I was in the military.







I remember one of them guys in the news, he said, why are you doing this?
He says, it's my freedom.
Right.
Well, that's, you know.
Well, it's my freedom to drive a car at 120 miles an hour with my headlights off at night.
Right.
That's my freedoms.
Yeah.
I don't need to obey red lights and stop signs.
That's, I'm not going to let my freedoms be abridged by a robot.
I actually heard, I actually heard one of my dad's cousins when I was about six years
old, he, the concept of traffic lights had just been invented in this little South Carolina
town.
And this guy, this, this redneck cousin was saying, I'm not going to obey no robot.
That's just crazy.
So to him, it was an infringement on his rights to have to stop at an intersection and let
somebody else go through.
It was like, but I guess he, he must've gotten, oh no, he didn't get used to it.
Come to think of it.
He lives in Thailand or someplace now.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Well, he can't afford to live anywhere else.
I thought he took the rodent's cure, you know, and decided just to go and rat himself out
and live somewhere where they didn't have any kind of robot machines because I robot
says that you must never hurt another robot or maybe it's people or one or the other.
You're not allowed to harm them.
Unless of course you're doing something wrong.

You got the adequate equipment, like guns and firecrackers and stuff.
Uh, I, I had a job in Beijing, China in 1986 and, uh, they, they didn't have traffic lights
and most people were on foot or bicycles, but there were lots of cabs.
And of course I have no idea what it's like now, but these cabs wouldn't stop for anything.
In fact, we, a couple of times we hit.
We saved bicyclists lives because this guy was just going to run them over.
Cause cause he wants, cause he, they were in the way.
I mean, it was, it was, it was the weirdest thing.
I told him, I told that, that cab driver that I liked the music he had on and he just pulled
out the cassette and gave it to me.
Was it, were you just being factual or were you?
No, I was, I was serious.
I was stressing, I mean, I was lying down the road.
This guy was train sad, he was been walking the subway.
That was changed, was he had ties on his nose and a couple of times I haven't been able
to leave
Oh, yeah.
Reading the books.

Oh, I have more, not more doctors and I have no, I can't, I have its name on it, right?
Don't sell them.


Oh.
Okay.

Today's the day.

Oh my.
Oh my.
This morning, I had a conversation with him.
Uh, Yeah.
And he hated it.
He said, don't give me more American music.
I hate it.
I just don't like it.
He liked Chinese opera.
He was a sound man for Beijing Film Studios,
and they filmed a lot of those operas.
Yeah.
And he really liked that stuff.
To me, it was like subgenius doctor music.
But their costumes were so bizarre,
and the stories were insane.
Insane.
They're loaded with special effects.
I saw one that took place underwater.
It was merpeople singing Chinese opera.
That's bizarre right there.
That's like people singing Demosera, you know?
I suppose I've got the wrong religion, but...
I think Reverend Kosmak is dead.
He's just floating face down in the pool.
There's no way he can be breathing.
I think he just went over there and died.
Sure he's not snorkeling there?
Yeah.
Oh, no, he's alive.
Okay.
He came up for air.
He spouted a minute ago.
There was a little hole in his back.
I saw some water squirt out.
It's weird.
The Martians also created giant insects
to vex the Earth people during the attack period.
Something which was supposed to go into the movie,
but was cut out.
Now that's every TV show.
Tragic superheroes, out-of-control giant monsters.
Practically gotten boring.
Just what the public...
I got to the point where if I see another werewolf face transformation,
I'm gonna scream.
And I used to live for those.
But you only saw a good one every year or so,
and then it got to where they were on every TV show.
Oh, my God.
We'll morph from this face without makeup
to a face with a mask on.
What a special effect.
It's a lot better than a bunch of dissolves of Lon Chaney.
Really?
I thought those were somewhat artfully done.
Some.
It blurs a little bit.
A kid could do that.
You could see through it.
Well, you know it's an effect,
but you know also what it represents.
And the music is portentous,
and it comes after a period of dread,
and then the first beam of moonlight.
The difference is it was rare then,
and now it's just...
Yeah, it was hard.
It was hard to do.
It took a lot of time.
Yeah, it was hard to do,
and now it's just CGI.
Yeah, you do it in your phone.
That's one of the tricks of the conspiracy,
that they'll take anything that's fun,
and they'll just beat it to death until you hate it.
Yeah.
Like the hippies.
For a while there, it was kind of cool.
And then, well, you like hippies?
We'll give you hippies.
Yeah, punks.
Same thing.
I had to warn the punks
that that was going to happen to them.
They didn't believe me.
You're just a oppressor now.
It's like, no, you'll see.
All your fashions and your music
will be used in beer commercials
in about two years.
Sure enough, that's it.
BLM, when that first came out.
Then they had to come up with something
even worse than punk.
This is showing the man,
and now they're painting intersections
in every major city.
Yeah, it's like every little fad
that the teenagers think
is going to change the world.
Just turns out to have been a fad.
Yeah.
Damn it.
I like the hippie one.
That's why I've still got my ponytail
and everything.
I almost got kicked out of school
for having hair about as long as yours.
And ever since then,
I was like, by God,
when I get old,
I'm going to have a haircut
just like I wanted to when I was 17
and look like the bass player
for Quicksilver Messenger Service.
And sure enough,
my dream came true.
I have,
and wouldn't you know it,
every other old redneck in Texas
looks exactly the same way.
Every old guy that retires,
they grow their hair long
and end up with a ponytail.
I used to hide the ponytail
in Texas because I might be carrying
something they'd mistake for contraband.
But I'd hide it in my hat,
and then I gradually realized
every old bastard around here
looks just like me.
Who needs to bother to go into a town
for a God darn day?
I don't know.
I'm just a little bit of a
pink boy and chop off his tail.
That would be the,
don't tell your wife that.
No.
Yeah, the Monster Hunter movie
got censored in China
because there was a joke about
Chinese,
Chinese,

Chinese.
Now, in context,
I'm sure they could get along without it.
It actually was sort of fitting
because there was these two guys
that told bad jokes to each other.
And one of them was a Chinese-American
and he said something about,
you know,
they're Chinese,
ha ha ha.
It was a bad joke.
And in China,
they wouldn't release the movie
because it translated all wrong
into some sort of racist thing,
which it wasn't at all.
But there you go.
They couldn't.
They couldn't edit it out,
that one joke.
They did.
They did edit it out,
but by then,
public opinion was so riled up.
This is that movie
that hates the Chinese.
Right.
Yeah.
Yay, verily, yay.
It's accurate to the game
in that it takes forever
to kill one of those big monsters.
So therefore,
they could only have
two boss fights in the movie.
There was only time
for two boss fights.
I suppose humans...
Because it was true to the game.
Humans are as mosquitoes
to those lumbering,
lumbering,
giant monsters.
So it takes a lot of them
to put one down.
A lot of my fellow
monster hunter player
fanatic addicts
refused to even see the movie
because they mixed in
modern times with it.
It's a modern soldier team
ends up in monster hunter world.
It's not pure.
Their weapons are useless
against the monsters, of course.
Only an experienced monster hunter
knows how to make the bow
that shoots the special poison
made from other monster parts.
It would be hard for me to believe
that modern,
modern artillery
couldn't put away any monster.
Oh, you haven't seen,
you haven't seen
a Rathalos in action, Tal.
They're faster than you can imagine.
Anyway, they, it's,
it was, it was really fun for me.
I was supposed to go to Rathalos
when I graduated high school.
You've got to be scared of anything
violating the laws of physics.
Well, sure.
All giant monsters do that.
Yes.
Well, we were watching
the Warcraft movie yesterday.
And I thought,
well, they basically took the,
the game and turned it into a movie.
Did you see that one?
I started watching it.
I never saw the whole thing.
It did have a lot.
There's something kind of corny about it.
I like the CG.
Okay.
Yeah, it does have that
trying to look very much like
Lord of the Rings look.
Is it in a sort of
quasi-medieval period or something?

Oh, really?
They had the elves,
but see, the elves here
have eyes that glow.
That must be off-putting.
So I think they mixed in Dune with...
The smiles that win,
the looks that glow.
You know, the old,
the old monster fans on Facebook
detest CG.
All you got to do
to give those guys heart attacks
is say, oh, I thought
Peter Jackson's Kong
was much more realistic
than the original.
Oh, my God.
The next day I felt like
I'd mugged a room full of old men.
Yeah, they got upset,
but they,
they're very partisan to the...
The other thing you can do
to really shake them up
is say, well, you know,
Lon Chaney Jr.
is actually a terrible actor.
Oh, fuck.
They'll just go on and on
about how those guys were so much,
he was so much better
than these modern-day actors.
I'm not sure he was so bad.
A son of Dracula,
he's pretty good.
Oh, God.
He was better than Lon Chaney Sr.
I wouldn't say that.
Lon Chaney III,
who actually goes to conventions,
you know,
just to come and count his name.
Well, that's amazing.
I hope he comes here.
Lon Chaney Sr.
didn't have to talk,
and he invented all those makeup tricks.
Well, Lon Chaney Jr.
tried to do the makeup tricks,
but they wouldn't let him
because by then the unions
were so strong
that he couldn't trespass
on the makeup people's union.
He made his own makeup
for 1 million B.C.,
which was better
than what he ended up with,
and he did that,
and he did that compound fracture thing
with the bones sticking out.
But...
Unions.
They screw everything up.
My favorite...
Unless you need to be involved.
Lon Chaney Jr. werewolf transformation
is in House of Dracula,
where he shows up at the police station
and says,
I'm going to go through another one of these werewolf things,
and I can't stand it.
Just lock me up in this cell,
and don't let me out to whatever I do.
So the inevitable Lionel Atwell police inspector calls in the...


the local mad scientist,
and he says,
well, my boy,
you may think you turn into a beast,
but this is caused by intracranial pressures,
and I think in my clinic I might be able...
You don't understand.
I'm about to go through the torches of the dam.
Well, you may think you will,
and in our minds we often have strange pictures.
And then right in front of them,
he turns into the werewolf with that...
Is that House of Dracula?
Yes, yes, yes.
The hair grows on his face,
his teeth start working,
his nose starts...
And then he's hurling himself at the bar,
gnashing, you know,
trying to get at the guy who was just saying it.
It was all an unfortunate delusion, my boy,
which I can cure in my clinic.
But the funny thing is,
at the end of the movie,
he did cure him.
But he himself turned into a monster.
You say it's funny.
I thought it was horrible.
We got no more sequels after that.
Oh, no, there were,
because it reasserted itself.
He cured him,
but then it came back,
so that in Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein,
which is next to...
Yeah, but I mean...
He's on the phone,
trying to warn them about the monster conspiracy,
which is another thing.
He never realized he was on the monster side.
He counts himself on the human side,
Larry Talbot,
but he actually belongs over there
on the other side with the monsters.
He's trying to stop their plan
and stop Dracula from reactivating
the Frankenstein monster.
He's a good monster.
Well, he's not...
When he's not transformed, yeah.
He won't accept his werewolf identity in any way.
Well, it was fantastic in any way.
Michael BAMAGNY

B ูุด natur
Well done...
McFadden
APPLAUSE
Richardav Zimmerman
Just somewhere in there...
It was an excellent performance.
Now, when you say thrillers, do you mean thrillers as in the thriller TV show by Boris Karloff?
Because I don't know if you've seen him there.
I believe he was in a couple of those.
I mentioned Lon Chaney Jr. being a bad actor.
Was a Frankenstein.
Ten minutes later, we're still on Lon Chaney Jr.
Well, I feel sorry knocking anybody down to tell the truth.
And the reason these people are prominent and we talk about them is that they have got something.
And maybe it's a subgenius something.
Maybe it's a talent that is not expressed as people understand it.
It seems certainly to stand for a number of things.
I'm sure we all have a problem.
Stegg doesn't like it because this is all parts he has to edit out.
But that's what we talked for so long.
I'll be silent until someone introduces a new subject.
Well, there's an hour of slack.
I collected together all of the doctor's explanations from House of Dracula,
where he goes on and on about how, well, I've got this new fungus I'm growing.
Yeah, he's growing funguses underneath the castle.
Little does he know that the body of the Frankenstein monster is also down there.
It's all very scientific.
Yeah, it's quite scientific.
Yeah, those were the lines I liked from that movie.
Well, don't forget the gorgeous hunchback girl.
They combined two monster types.
Oh, yeah.
The gorgeous girl nurse and the hunchback into one.
She gave me mixed feelings as a child.
Yes, she's supposed to.
Yeah, that hunchback.
Especially when she's attacked in the end by Dr. Edelman.
Now, Hal, you would know, did Lone Chaney do all of his stunts as the Wolfman?
Not only did he do all of his stunts, but sometimes he put on the Frankenstein makeup
and did stunts for other people in Frankenstein movies,
particularly Bela Lugosi in Frankenstein Meets the Wolfman,
but also...
I think he did it in Frankenstein.
He did it in Frankenstein, where Hugo, the hunchback, is thrown through the glass window
by the monster.
That was actually Chaney Jr.
I can remember some scenes in which he was extremely athletic.
He was a great big guy.
He's this huge, lumbering doofus, which is why he's incredibly improbable as Claude
Rayne's son in the original Wolfman.
Well, you never knew who Claude Rayne's wife was, so...
Yeah.
Big break, though.
Evelyn Ankers said that she was scared during some of those Mummy movies,
because as the Mummy, Lone Chaney Jr. didn't have to act, really.
You couldn't really see his face behind the makeup, and he would get drunk.
He would sip vodka through a straw.
Yes, he had an alcohol problem.
And then he had to carry this actress along these trails.
He was strong enough.
He could do it.
Yeah, but she was terrified.
She was really pretty.
Because he was drunk.
He was drunk.
He was drunk.
He was drunk.












He was going to drop her off this ledge.
Very pretty woman.
I always thought it was manna leaves.
Beautiful actress.
Tanna leaves.
The tanna leaves.
That was all Bill and Bunk.
That wasn't in the original movie.
That was in all the sequels, that he had to have tanna leaf tea.
All right.
Although it was something in the Tom Tyler one, whatever that one was, where they spill
the tea, and the mummy frantically gets down on his hands and knees trying to lap it up
with no tongue.
You know, to get even a few molecules of tannin.
Yeah, the slurpee.
The great slurpee.
That would be a great product to make though, tanna leaf tea.
I think that would really sell.
They did a good thing for the, whatever the mummy movie is that Tom Tyler plays the mummy,
where they just optically blanked out his eye sockets.
So they have a traveling mat on his eyes so there's nothing.
You know, you're looking at his eye holes, but there's nothing in there whenever you
see him.
Yeah, I hate when that happens to me.
Well, it's...
You chose to...
Those traveling mats really irritate your eye.
They sort of sparkle around the edges.
Being a supernatural phenomenon.
But you can learn more from subgenius.com or write to our new address at the compound
here at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
