And now, my friends, it is time for the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
And this is going to be kind of an old school one.
Half of our listeners, or most of our listeners, probably won't hear this for another week or so,
after the world has been destroyed, or maybe just as it's happening.
That would be ideal.
Yes, that would be ideal.
This music in the background is the Flying Ryan Brothers.
One of the few good, really good bands we know.
Although the other really good bands we know will be at X Day.
The Amino Acids, for instance, and Evolution Control Committee.
And Fat Mandino.
Tommy Amoeba.
The Duke of Uke.
Who does ukulele cover versions of punk and glam rock songs and popular hits.
But we're mostly going to be playing a lot of old school media barrage from, oh gosh, back around 2001 or so.
For some of you, that was a really long time ago.
For some of us, eh.
And so, it's an X Day special, that's for sure.
But we do have some special new stuff that shocked us when we heard it this week.
And we'll be getting to that new stuff any second now.
But first this.
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m., when we all have hangovers,
Lone Pan's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scripture is called,
The Advent of the Angelic Host.
Like any other prophet, Bob preaches about the end of the world.
Only his predictions are just a little different.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m. to be exact,
the men from Planet X, as the news media will call them,
will arrive to rupture the subgeniuses, the true believers of geniuses,
up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And believe it or not, plenty of people,
4,000 of them so far, and more every day, have already joined up.
Suddenly, the joke has become serious and profitable.
Your standard religious rip-off, right?
But can anybody take this stuff seriously?
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now, it's no surprise, if I should be found dead someday,
I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
I'll be with my own.
Can't remember my place.
Bob's role on this planet is to see that the Earth is not sold
on that glorious or terrible day we call X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah, now it may sound ludicrous.
It may sound ridiculous to many of the believers out there.
It may sound impossible.
Yeah, you're saying that all nuts, all those people,
they're all just a bunch of fools.
Maybe, yeah, maybe.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbant.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evil stalks them.
Every night and day, they wait to see the evil they go through.
Do they come down in flying saucers?
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
This is the Man in Black, here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Give me slack or give me food or kill me.
Give me slack or give me food or kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Earth.
Night.
Little monkeys in your cage.
Night, night.
All your great skyscrapers, your achievements, your mighty books and discoveries, your symphonies,
your armies, your concentration camps.
All of it was for nothing.
Your indoor plumbing, your toiletries, and your many delicacies that no one knew people were starving to eat.
As a wink, a tiny spark, dying ember in the middle of thousands and billions of years.
A million light years of empty, cold space.
Glowing, stinky hole in your third eye.
You are about as important as a cork in the ocean, my friend.
Think of a cockroach, if you would.
I don't know if you want to think of one for too long.
But just imagine the revulsion you feel when you swat one and brush it away from yourselves.
Think of yourself as a mere cockroach compared to these weird exes, archons, whatever the hell they are.
They don't notice you.
They don't care about you.
If you happen to hitch a ride and they don't swat you off, then count yourself lucky.
But don't think you're some kind of a big deal just because God or some aliens happen to pick you up by the scruff of your neck and show you a thing or two.
They're in there with you.
They're in the room with you.
You can't see them.
You can't smell them.
You can't taste them.
But they're in the room with you.
And they blend with the walls, with the CDs, with the vinyl rack, with the digital, with everything, with the microphone.
And with the airwaves.
It's the hiss buried in the tape that we use to carry the code, the coded signal.
But it's the only way we can stop them.
The human mind.
The human mind is capable of receiving and transmitting radio signals.
It has no way of converting this knowledge or energy into a practical use.
However, the brain has in it, in some miraculous way, the ability to transmit and convert and receive radio signals.
We use your brain as an envelope to send our letters to the others.
There are correspondence with a world you could never fathom.
It's square to your round.
It's cheesy to your musky.
It's black to your white.
It's green to your red.
It's out of focus to your sharp image.
Do the rat in the cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Do the rat, baby.
Do it one more time.
Everybody love to watch it.
Do the rat.
Do the rat.
Do the rat.
There are more things in this cheese than your little science has ever dreamt of, Mickey.
I've been stuck here for so long.
Just wondering when it's gonna end.
When it's gonna blow up.
When this sun is gonna go nova.
Could that be what's happening, Dave?
You think X-Day was just Bob's way of saying, well, it's just aliens or something.
Don't feel bad.
Don't feel bad that God's gonna supernova your son unexpectedly for no particular reason.
No special timing.
Just happened to do it around the time Bob said something was gonna happen.
It's nice you let us know around the time because, you know, if we was more God-like, we could have made our plans accordingly.
It's kind of like we, but we're kind of like the old dog that just got too sick.
And you take the old dog out in the woods.
You go, here, old dog.
Here's a big old hunk of raw meat.
Mmm, isn't that good?
And when that dog turns around to gum that raw meat, you pull out your .45 and blow his poor pathetic old doggy brains out because it's the kindest thing to do.
Is that what our planet is, that old dog?
Are we that old dog just being put out to pasture, put out on the ice floes, toothless to fend for itself or go under?
Is it?
Is our planet...
Is it?
Is our planet being sent off to the rest home?
Yeah, like everything's gotta have its time and go.
Maybe our time already came and went and we didn't even know it.
All things must pass.
We was laughing and playing them Dionysian dances by the old Greek riverside.
Them were the days.
We jumping through hoops and wrestling with bears and then we invented hydrogen energy and decided to blow us up some bombs and have tooth decay.
And then have tooth decay.
The whole planet.
And then before we knew it, nobody knew the truth.
Nobody was well anymore.
Nobody was even really alive.
They were just going, going, going.
We thought we had the ultimate weapon.
Turned out God had it all along.
We thought we was gonna hold a gun to our own head and we didn't even get the chance.
No, we thought we were so prideful.
We thought we could destroy ourselves.
Mother Nature showed us what for.
She said, you boys think you can wreck your environment with them factories and bombs.
Let me show you a thing or two.
Here, I'll just spit this little spit water into that sun thing.
That little light bulb you got lighting you up.
Look very calmly and clearly at the question, Mr. Pavilion Head.
Counting down the minutes to the end of the solar system.
What you usually think of first in a situation like this is who benefits?
Earth first.
Who takes all?
There's a power play going on.
The sun's getting bigger.
It's getting weirder.
It's getting flatter and longer.
Mars sideways and more.
Everything.
You know, Mars will probably be real tropical in about three hours.
If we could get to Mars in about three hours, it'd probably be real nice.
But then by the time we got there, it would be Pluto would be getting all tropical and we'd have to get there.
Pluto, man.
And then three.
Oh yeah, there's gonna be like palm trees on Pluto and you'd be...
I don't know if I got enough rocket motors for Pluto.
Yeah, that's the thing. I don't know if we're gonna be able to make it.
No academy of the planet.
Friends.
Now it's time for me to read to you something that relates to what was being discussed there.
That was from the old WCSB show, ESO Swamp Radio with the host Chaz.
You heard Chaz right there at the very end.
Cellulose heroes never really die.
And this is Chaz's music in the background from which disco we used it last week.
I'm building up to our amazing discovery, but I wanted to mention in that previous little discussion,
Dave and I were discussing the possibility of a supernova destroying the Earth.
What I'm about to remind you of is some news that was in our most recent subgenius, well, the third testament,
subgenius cyclopedia of slack, the Bobliographon.
And this is the only place you're gonna hear it because it's completely out of print until I personally released it.
And I'm gonna release the full color e-book of it.
Don't hold your breath.
That'll probably happen on the escape saucers.
But what I'm going to remind you of is a discovery primarily researched by Dr. Onan Kanabike.
And that discovery is that this planet is Mars.
At some point in the 1950s, the third and fourth planets from the sun switched places.
We think it was around 1953.
We think the psychic wounds opened up by World Wars I, II, and III were a partial cause.
We think a bunch of things.
But the point is that this planet is Mars and we were on the wrong planet for X day.
Bob was there on the real Earth, now the fourth planet from the sun.
So were the Xists.
All parties necessary to close the deal were there except us.
Now friends, I'm gonna skip over.
I've got several pages of technical proofs here.
Which you would be able to read if you got this book while it was still available.
I can tell exactly how many of you did too.
Um, but the, so I'm gonna skip over.
But I'm gonna go through the pertinent parts, preacher style.
And then I'm gonna play something that Princess Wee and I heard on television and recorded.
That freaked us out.
It freaked out our minds.
That's not, actually that is pretty hard to do now.
What there is left of them.
Friends, they use up planets and cast them aside.
You say, what if this planet's atmosphere and environment, the living third planet, is slowly and not so slowly being transformed to resemble the dead fourth planet.
Just as the subgenius is trying to bring about the good Mars.
The conspiracy strives to bring about the bad Mars.
They had to swap planets because they used the old one up.
Whole planets are used as prison farms.
We were on Mars.
We missed X day.
That is our condition today in this world.
You wanna know about the real Earth?
Where we, some of us came from.
Us older generation.
On the true Earth, or what they call Mars, you'd be taller and your bones would never hurt.
The hair on your back would be silkier and your legs wouldn't go numb from long excremeditation sessions.
Yet, Henson lived for thousands of years on the true Earth, Mars.
But on false Earth, as bones age, they grow nerve cells which serve to deliver mild to severe pain constantly.
Your Earth bones beam weakness rays at your other bones.
That's how they're controlling everyone.
On quote Mars, here, these same bone nerves deliver, oh no, the other, this gets confusing between the two planets.
On Mars, these same bone nerves deliver orgasms.
No one, not even Madame Yeti women, shave their breast pits.
Sex on true Earth, what we call Mars, is like nothing we could even begin to imagine here within this awful closed gravity well.
This titan of unfairness.
This, quote, Earth.
Actually, Mars.
How come neither Art Bell, Air American, or Rush Limbaugh ever mentioned this?
It's because the conspiracy will spend any amount to hide the fact that it despoiled Mars, used up its froppcanos,
and church air caves, and exploited its resources, leaving a dusty airless ball,
and then took its princes and queens off as slaves.
And that's who we, the subgeniuses, are, friends.
Now, Dobbs knew of the Earth-Mars switch when it happened, but he had to wait for the right plot point, so to speak,
to emerge before that skinned cat could be let out of the nine bags.
He couldn't release the information until the century changed.
And even then, it was iffy.
So, friends, we can go ahead and announce this right now, right here, to ensure disbelief.
But indeed, Earth and Mars were switched.
Now, this last week, that television show known as Futurama came back on the air.
Princess Wee and I found the two episodes.
And we're going to tell you about them.
And we're going to tell you about the two episodes.
There's one of them, and this is one of our two episodes in The Media Pit, The Media Ditch, rather,
which is where we get our TV shows.
We choose to avoid the mind control race that they send over cable or broadcast TV.
And we were flabbergasted at what we heard.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It's been cut down to three and a half minutes of the pertinent parts.
It's almost a spoiler if you haven't seen these shows.
But the visuals would make up for the bizarre coincidences.
So, friends, remember, we just heard from 2001, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, talking about Earth being destroyed by solar flares.
More than a decade ago.
We heard Reverend Owen Canabites' research from a decade ago, really, about the Earth-Mars switch.
And now, last week's Futurama.
I hope you're proud of yourself, Ben.
You've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict.
Cut me some slack, preacher.
I'm just a coal grinder's daughter trying to stay off the pole.
Let's see.
I think it means...
Get to the point.
What does it say about me, Bender?
Nothing.
But it does say a great cataclysm will destroy the world in the year 3012.
The world?
That's where I live.
Told you it'd say something about me.
So the world will end in 3012.
Why does that year sound so familiar?
Because that's the year that's this year.
I'm gonna blast that balloon.
No way will I let God get my pants.
Nobody messes with my pants.
Not even the Holy One.
Blessed be he.
Is it just me, or is the world ending more often these days?
The calendar predicts fires, earthquakes, shark-splosions, then it just ends.
Exactly as the weather balloon foretold.
Before Fry blew his pants out of the sky, it detected the onset of a catastrophic sunspot cycle.
It's starting!
It's starting!

This is the end of the world!
Ah!
Some of us were crazy before it was cool.
Evacuating the planet in three, two...
So long, Earth. Thanks for nothing.
It's not starting!
Stop the end of the world sex! We might survive after all!
Ah!
Welcome to Mars!
It is with heavy heart and open arms that we receive Earth's only survivors.
Greetings, Marsmen.
We come to your planet to construct a gleaming city.
A second Earth on which to begin anew.
And now, as a solemn testicle to those left behind on Earth, I present this monument, titled simply, Heroes.
Stop the ceremony!
What?
I am Singing Wind.
Chief of the native Martian tribe.
But I thought your people abandoned this planet.
We did.
I just came back for my stuff.
I translated your warning that the world was doomed.
Not your world. Our world.
We put calendar there to warn you not to visit Mars.
It's Mars that's gonna be destroyed.
Oh!
Why you think we so eager to abandon this dump?
My God!
One of the hundreds of contradictory prophecies is coming true!
It's just as I only now began to fear.
The solar flares are igniting subsurface gas pockets.
Mars is being blasted out of its orbit!
The crazy weather cleared up too, for whatever reason.
All in all, it's a fine day for an apocalypse.
We're passing surprisingly close to Earth.
When we reach 72nd Street, jump!
Yeah!
Yeah!
We made it! We're back home!
Okay. Today is still a work day, so...
Wait! Help!
I'm still on Mars and I can't jump!
I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel.
That'll show those poor!
You're not rich.
But someday I might be rich and then people like me better watch their step.
Yep.
That last section there was, uh, it didn't have anything to do with the subject at hand, but it was a great line.
I think it's a preview for next week's show, Politics 101.
Futurama is basically the only continuing show that we watch, besides Breaking Bad.
Yes.
And we're behind on that.
Yes.
I need to turn your mic up.
But it, um, sure does seem sort of suspect that, uh, that, uh, had to have been some sort of a tip of the hat.
Well, uh...
A mysterious one, but...
Matt, Matt, I met Matt Greinig when I was more famous than he was.
Which isn't saying much.
But seriously, in like 1980 or 81, when Life in Hell was just starting to hit the weekly papers, and Simpsons was just a gleam in somebody else's eye...
Uh-huh.
Uh, I met him and also the guy that did the set design for Pee Wee Herman, um, Gary, Reverend Gary Panter.
St. Byron Warner brought us together so we could bitterly talk about how we were never going to get rich and famous.
And two of us never did.
Anyway, uh, it does, though, often times...
This isn't the first time we've seen things on Futurama that, usually by coincidence, we had just come up with.
Gags or plot devices for things we haven't done yet.
They beat us to it.
And, uh, I wouldn't be at all surprised if there wasn't a subgenius minister involved in writing that show and throwing in tips of the hat.
But, on the other hand, it could just as easily be sheer coincidence.
God, cut me some slack, preacher.
Well, I believe in sheer coincidence. I really do. And I believe that that's all it is.
Coincidence.
It doesn't have meaning outside of your pathetic, human, desperate brain that is searching for meaning in a world that is actually spinning through the void, uh, dear boy.
With no...
No...
No meaning is what J.R. Bob Dobbs brings to it.
Which is just about as confusing as everything else that happens.
So, there's not all that much difference.
It's just that we got Bob and they ain't.
And for that, we can hate them.
And, uh, I'm gonna go to some more tapes and, uh, from the olden days.
And we'll just see what happens.
We're tired of your phony fireworks.
Bartle! You have earned this!
What about, uh, what about this, uh, reputed, uh, Jesus Starfleet that was, uh, supposed to have shown up?
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central.
And have cleared the airlocks into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild.
What a space ovation!
Now let's wheel another!
And now in celebration of this great occasion, we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will join us in celebration of this great day in outer space.
Hey.
Bob?
This X-day shall come sooner or later.
That X is nothing but a cross that's fallen over on its side and somebody jumped on it.
Banged it up.
There is hope. There shall be hope.
You know, the, we, we sit and worry, oh gosh, if only the X-est had come.
We could have had a new government where Bob was the leader and since he's never around there'd be no laws and we could do anything we want.
We could have had a new church where instead of having to get up with a hangover on Sunday and watch boring crap,
you'd go to church Saturday night and get drunk!
Drunk, my friends!
Oh, we could have had our own coolness where we invented the coolness, blah blah blah blah blah.
Friends, what are we waiting for?
Are we really waiting on some invisible monster?
Or some monsters in the sky?
Or some space things?
Or some pipe smoking salesman with a good line?
Friends, I say, quit waiting, do it yourself!
Make your own slack!
Bob is not the answer and neither is anything else.
You must learn to think for yourself, but only Bob can show you how.
Question authority or else!
And duh.
Well, I've waited so long for this day in outer space.
I don't know who they are or where they come from.
But I know I've been chosen, probably one of the few.
Only first class on the mothership will do.
I've seen them saucers sliding, baby, up in the air.
And I know what they mean, I know the end is near.
So I'll climb the silver staircase and I'll bind link with the crew.
Only first class on the mothership will do.
We're going lightspeed out of space.
We're the last hope for the human race.
A little green flight of tanks, a pregnant and the spears and peanuts.
Only first class on the mothership will do.
Music
There'll be nothing to want.
There'll be nothing to need me watching.
Grand Ole Opry and Hee-Haw in 3D.
Laying horseshoes on the holodecky.
Roast beef from a tube.
Only first class on the mothership will do.
Music
We're going lightspeed out of space.
We're the last hope for the human race.
A little green flight of tanks, a pregnant and the spears and peanuts.
Only first class on the mothership will do.
Music
We're going home, going home on the saucer.
Get on board singing praises, hallelujah to the Lord.
I'm so glad that I've been chosen for to start my life.
I'm a new, lonely first class on the mothership will do.
Music

My parents are dying to take me home
This is the life to be an astronaut.
Listen this is the life I want, just feel the need to know As long as my applying and flying isiane will be all I see.
Music
I'm going lightspeed out of space.
Like Tammy and George Jones or Adam and Eve
Flying past the rings of Saturn, grab a window with you
Flyin' first class on the mothership with you
We're goin' light speed out through space
We're the last hope for the human race
Little green flight attendants bring the anchors, spears and peanuts
Up to first class on the mothership we'll do
We're goin' home, goin' home on the saucer
Get on board singin' praises, hallelujah to the Lord
Praise the Lord
I'm so glad that I've been chosen for to start my life anew
Home made first class on the mothership we'll do
Amazing, dear friends, that was Hank Floyd.
Huh!
Yes, Hank Floyd.
I haven't played that on this show.
This is probably at least ten years old.
I forgot this even existed.
There's a couple more great Hank Floyd songs on here that I should probably get to.
Certainly off my radar.
Yeah, first class on the mothership.
Well, technically we have heard it before in the past.
A lot of this is past.
In fact, I'm going to go back.
Back to that media barrage, sort of.
And this must be from like...
We're going to be playing stuff from 1980 and 81.
Before there were subgenius radio shows or even edited tapes.
We were just starting to collect the material together.
So here is Pope David N. Meyer and myself, I think, being interviewed for Rolling Stone magazine.
And, but they never printed the article because the Eurythmics came along and that was considered a little more newsworthy.

Hey!
What's going on?
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack, and a conspiracy of pinks, the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998, when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X, the men from Planet X are going to be killed.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand that there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues-paying, book-buying, receipt-in-the-pocket, paid in full to the church subgenii, have the tiniest prayer.
The rest of them?
It's a tough world, Jack.
That's right, friends.
A red-letter day is coming.
Yes, a red-letter day.
And it was July 5th, year 2001.
What a dreadful day.
And there the gigantic flying saucers come down out of the blue sky to pick up the happy-go-lucky subgeniuses.
Fletching their heels.
And their pets.
And their dogs.
Bluebirds.
And all their worldly goods.
And swallows.
Because, friends, you can take it with you when you're a subgenius, sure.
A throne of gold can be yours.
You can take off and get it on with Ba-ah-b-uh.
And Dave here, who will be your driver throughout Earth space.
Step in.
Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Red line, please, only.
Blue line to the left.
Red line to the right.
Hey, hey.
This is your free-to-air page.
Welcome, and we'll be embarking for, well, wherever these escape vessels escape to.
No one's ever asked, and we're not telling.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created, when this society we've created,
air conditioners, air conditioners, station wagons with wooden sides, station wagons with
wooden sides, are cautious, indeed, are retired after the orange paint?
What's the point of taking all these financial issues to the affections of theING?
Well,palаша to the nous, qui ne serait pas correct, Erick, or of course, if I had a found
some rooms and perhaps confirmed their existence, I'd be otherwise��ирick apply for the status


if theology was waking you up, you'd be ready for your birth right away.
Bitch, the Raptors took out every lane, the noises they had in other vehicles or at least
because nobody, you know, hadéqual to could've gone into it, we're gonna go full
operation, sorry.
We must point to the sun.

condama, wai.

Go ahead and fertilizer will else, open home.
Good for you to come with the house.
long ways off. I come from a planet that is similar to yours. Your many fears,
tensions and frustrations are no longer ours. I hate them with all my heart.
They're inhuman and to be destroyed. What is your objective?
You are not ready, but we will still save you.
I'll be right here.
I was first contacted by a being from the planet Mars. Now this man was invisible to
me except that he did cast a shadow in the moonlight.
By 1998, every normal, mediocrity, pink boy, admin, Trekkie and hippie is going to be trying
to get on board with the good ship dog.
The good ship dog.
Or...
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism. Is it possible that the end
of the world will come in July 1999? Perhaps. Or is it just another of those prognostications
which have haunted man through the ages? Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally
be dismissed out of hand. But for the fact that many of Nostradamus's
other prophecies have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back. I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and fallout.
What would you say if I had found a Martian down there?
I think I would have been a little more careful.
I think I would have been a little more careful.


Maybe.
Well, then you could have transformed him to something entirely different over time and




So turns out there's nothing interesting about him right now to be telling people all this

Hmm, that's an adv Lego, right Nostradamus.
Guess there's something more in there, why not.
The pure wisdom of websites has significantly opened doors too.
Well, at least, we're well-deterred about what happens in...
guitar solo
The world, crippled by these events,
waited for the first sign of an invasion from outer space.
solo
solo
solo
solo
solo
The amino acids, dear friends, will be at 50 next day.
Evolution Control Committee will be at 50 next day.
Dr. Philo Drummond and Mrs. Drummond and Little Lily Drummond will be at 50 next day.
Gee Gordon Gordon, the oldest mummy of a subgenius,
with almost as many, well, with twice as many inserted metallic body parts as Dr. Leguien,
who will also be at 50 next day.
Reverend Susie the Floozy will be.
At 50 next day.
Priestess Pisces and Reverend Suds Pishaw will not only be there, they will be wed there.
So will Reverend Gorgon and Princess Squirrelface.
Two weddings this next day.
Wow.
We got a lot to do before the earth is destroyed.
I guess so.
A lot of bands to pack in there.
Who else?
The jamming will be great.
We know that.
There's some excellent just general musicians coming.
The jamming is often the best part.
I think.
And after we're lifted up onto the saucers, just because we promised,
we're going to hold Starwood on my personal escape planet,
which will contain the Grand Canyon, which we may use for Starwood.
But most likely, we'll, just for ironic purposes, we'll lift up our old site,
not the staff of it.
We'll leave them in the crater.
But, and we'll hold Starwood, and Wisteria.
We'll combine them.
We'll lift up, we'll save Wisteria, and we'll probably save the staff of Wisteria.
They'll have to pay their 30 bucks eventually.
That was a joke.
Anyway, and Starwood is the week after X-Day.
Princess Wee, you have all that information in front of you, don't you?
Yes.
The dates and the people.
Yes, I do.
It's going to be from July 10th.
The 16th.
Six days of camping, celebration, and discovery.
And music.
Lots of music.
I've discovered some pretty disturbing things at Starwood,
stumbling around in the dark near the bonfire.
Yeah, I was one of them.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
Princess Wee and I met at Starwood, and then we started holding,
and that inspired, Starwood inspired X-Day, and a couple of campgrounds,
and,
and X-Day is where a whole lot of subgenius couples met.
We got married.
Some of them even got divorced.
Some of them had kids.
Yes, little BBs happened.
Now the kids are running things.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
I trust the kids.
Frankly, not to name names, but a lot of cases,
I trust the kids a lot more than I trust the ones my age.
For reasons that are probably obvious just from listening to me.
So,
So, on your pleasure, Saucer, then,
when we're at Starwood, we'll be listening to bands like Jim Miller,
that people in Northeastern Ohio know really well,
but they're kind of a Grateful Dead jam band.
Telesma, that's a didgeridoo Middle Eastern rhythms band.
Badal Roy, the world-famous tabla player extraordinaire.
Environmental Groove Theory, a seven-piece jazz rock fusion band with a Latin influence.
They're really good.
Yeah, they are.
They're hot.
Female vocalist.
Mayan Ruins, the world music band from Cincinnati.
I've played them.
Uh-huh.
Yes, they've been heard on Hour of Slack.
Brian Henke, beautiful folk singer and guitarist.
Well, okay, that's enough of all this folk singer and world music stuff.
The subgeniuses don't care about that.
They also have a zillion workshops and speeches and such like, including a subgenius devival.
I usually save my best stuff.
For Starwood, my best, and other people's best stuff, for that matter,
because it's, I'm not preaching to the saved exactly.
At X Day, I start preaching.
They've all heard it before, and they wander off and get whatever they get.
And so I usually, and plus they're louder than I am.
I mean, our hecklers are louder than our preachers in a whole lot of cases.
I've been, I've tried to get the hecklers up on stage, especially Dr. Dart.
But I understand you're putting your face on the line when you do that.
Anyway, pardon me if I left anybody out who's important, which is everybody,
but we're really excited about it.
Next week on this show, we will have, we'll have to be ready to go as soon as we literally finish the shows,
but we should have Dr. Howell in the studio.
The famous Dr. Howell of AskDrHowell.com.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave by phone.
And Dr. Sinister, like three hours worth of jibber jabber.
And then we take off.
And then we'll do it again the weekend before Starwoods.
That's one reason I thought, well, let's just do this old timey media broad stuff.
In fact, I'm going to go right back to it right now.
Round, round the slack for Bob, the Bob down in the saucer row.
Round, round the slack for Bob.
Bob, the Bob down in the saucer row.
And in that air, there was a ship, a rare ship.
An ex Jamaican ship with a ship in the air.
And the air flew smoke in the smoke with a cap and the prop and the pipe .
The pipe and the grit and the grit of the Bob.
Bob down in the saucer row.
Round, round the slack for Bob.
The Bob down in the saucer row.
Round, round the slack for Bob.
The Bob down in the saucer row.
And in that ship, there was a Bob, a rare Bob.
JR Bob Dobbs.
With a bob on the ship and the ship in the air and the air through the smoke and the smoke from the prop and the prop and the pipe and the pipe and the grin and the grin and the bob.
Bob Donovan, the sorcerer.
The plan is to invade, to infest key men in government and industry with some alien force from outer space that seeps into the human body and takes over.
What if there is a form of life in space, not on some planet, but just drifting?
Not life as we know it.
With intelligence, yes, but pure energy with no organic structure.
Invisible.
Invisible?
Now, the rocket passed through its path.
It entered the rocket.
It found living specimens of our form of life.
Cell organisms.
Humans.
Exactly.
Now, if even by accident it could enter one of those structures, what a way to invade the Earth.
Now, look, sir, I'm not over-intelligent.
Excuse me.
If you saw the film, you know what happened.
Holy God knows where and how far that rocket traveled.
Something got into that rocket.
And it's found other forms of life.
The cactus.
Greek.
You mean Kuruza?
The cactus.
He's now in the shell of a man being transformed.
If one of these cactus plants were subject to the same mutation, there could be an affinity, a union between plant and animal.
With the ability to destroy.
And possess.
And multiply.
And create.
And create.
And create.
And create.
And create.

An alien cannot invade a dead man.
We're merely using this corpse for a demonstration of placement.
You know, some people say church is subgenius.
So they get involved in it and they say, after about six or seven, they get real involved.
They jump into the internet intercourse of the church and so forth.
And after about six months, they're going, God, this is worse than high school.
The popular ones pick on the wimps even worse.
Worse than in real life.
Yes, friend.
It is like the high school from hell.
Hey, I'm gonna take a week off.
Gonna go to hell.
Save the new year postcard.
Hey, I'm doing swell.
Wish you were here alone.
From hell.
Hey, I'll be dancing through the flames like a devil in disguise.
Yeah, you can hear me sing but not by sunlight.
Yeah, you can hear me sing alone.
From hell.
I'm gonna get laid and a fire around my neck.
Because she never cares.
Oh, hell, what the heck.
I'm packing my duds.
I'm gonna hide from hell.
I'm gonna get laid and a fire around my neck.
Oh, hell, what the heck.
I'm packing my duds.
Oh, hell, what the heck.
I'm packing my duds.
I'mopic horror.



Oh, hell, that's something.
Oh, hell, what the heck.

You bastards, with a lot of love, we work for one year for you pigs.
And you want to break our walls down?
And you want to destroy it?
Well, you go to hell.
If there's a holocaust or a cataclysm, if there's a cataclysm now,
you tell me how to make a light bulb.
Tell me anything.
The sun is supposedly going out of the galaxy.
We're all revolving.
This system is revolving around the 29th degree of Taurus in the eye of the bull.
And that's why the Space Brothers are here, to get Earth all in line.
Are they going to come and actually tell us or help us?
Then what do you do with the situation that because of the atomic explosions
we're becoming farther and farther off our axis?
Is that a good thing or is that a bad thing?
It's a bad thing.
Friends, the great late Professor Chaz Smith edited that stuff,
and there's more of it.
In fact, I'm going to jump ahead to Chuck.
I'm going to jump ahead to Chuck.

Yeah, here we go.
Oh, yeah.
And every day, every day I'd wait for my daddy to come home from work.
And he'd come into the house and he'd be all covered in that thick black blood.
He'd have that blood in his hair.
He'd have that blood in his clothes.
He'd have that blood caked around his nails.
He was covered in that blood.
And I'd look up at my daddy all covered with that blood,
and I'd say, Daddy, someday I want to be just like you.
Uncorrected personality traits that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
Lack of involvement with the father or over-involvement with the mother
can result in lack of ability to relate to sexual beasts.
And in homosexual leanings, narcissism, transsexuality,

girls from the waist up and from the waist down
attempts to be your own love object
reconcile your parents to you by becoming both at once.
Even Marilyn Monroe was a man,
but this tends to get overlooked by our mother-fixated, overweight, sexist media.
So, uncorrected personality traits that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
Uncorrected personality traits that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
If you give in to them every time they cry,
they will become little tyrants, but they won't remember why.
Then when they are thwarted by people in later life,
they will become psychotic,
and they won't make an ideal husband or wife.
The spoiled baby grows into the escapist teenager,
who?
Who's the adult alcoholic?
Who's the middle-aged suicide boy?
So, uncorrected personality traits that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
When them saucers come, you're gonna need a clean pair of underwear.
It's like your mama said,
that you're wearing clean underwear, you might get into an accident.
But it won't be an accident, brothers and sisters.
Let me tell you...
If you give in, I will be happy to leave you...
twisting at will.
Amen, brothers and sisters.
I am the God of Hellfire, and I bring you...
FIRE!
Ah, yes, yes, yes, friends.
Uh, Professor Chaz edited that stuff.
That was, uh, Dr. LeGim preaching at some ancient revival.
God, he sounds so young.
He does, he sounds like a baby.
I remember when, uh, Chaz used to do this, and didn't Art, the original, this, this guy play at Starwood?
No, uh, Craig Mitchell, Paternostril, always wanted, uh, Arthur Brown to come to Starwood.
I thought we did have him there.
No, he's from England, and, uh, would be a bit much.
Well, um, let's see, what all was I going to do here?
We had, uh...
Oh, I did want to mention...
Thanks.
I'm going to go to Cleveland.
I'm going to go to Cleveland.
I'm going to go to Cleveland.
I'm going to go to Cleveland.
With background music.
You know, friends, uh...
Oh, by the way, I don't know who did all the music on that, that last cut.
Uh, that was...
I just have this generic Media Barrage stuff of X Day that I keep on hand and hadn't used in a long time.
And it just...
All I know is that that was some stuff that Chaz edited for his show.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I recognize the subgenius parts, and that's about it.

Um, speaking of subgenius parts, you know the Mormons have this doctrine whereby you can turn somebody into a Mormon after they're dead.
You can baptize them as a Mormon.
You can make a Jewish person into a Mormon after they're dead.
Not while they're alive, because the Jewish person would probably object.
Yes.
But once you're dead, you know, that's just one of the things that goes with being a Mormon.
You can make anybody do whatever they want after they're dead.
Dead people are very, very agreeable, I've noticed.
Malleable.
I know quite a few maladjusted individuals who converse with dead people all the time and get their advice.
Anyway, uh, well, we can do the same thing, friends.
And our friend, Reverend Jess John, bought a subgenius ordainment.
Or two. Actually, he bought two.
He paid.
He actually paid for two subgenius ordainments.

For these two individuals who have passed on.
What a guy.
Joseph Smith, Jr., who lived from 1805 to 1844, and Brigham Young, 18, uh, who died in 1877.
They are now subgenius ministers.
They're not Mormons anymore.
Joseph Smith and Brigham Young have quit the Mormon church and decided it was a bunch of hogwash that they just made up off the top of their heads.
Whereas church's subgenius might as well be the same.
They might as well be the same thing, but it's a lot more fun.
Praise Jess John!
And we, you know, they did have that polygamy thing, but they went and advertised it.
Real smart. Like Napster.
Anyway, Jess John said,
Yeah, I'm talking early Mormon founders.
I realize them being dead, delivering their memberships may present you with exciting opportunities for improvisation.
I see the range of possibilities, ranging from going to Salt Lake City and banging on some tits,
to going to the temple doors, perhaps nailing some theses on them while you're about it,
all the way down to issuing a minor notice on subgenius.com, or in this case, Hour of Slack.
And mention me if you wish.
If you do opt for the over-the-top option, remember, for the sake of hoity-toity announcements,
I still regard my title as Ayatollah of Understatement.
So that was Ayatollah of Understatement, just John.
Welcome, Dr. Sinister.
Thank you. It's good to be here.
You know, if the Mormons can baptize dead Holocaust victims,
why can't we get church memberships for dead Mormons?
Right.
Turnabout is fair play?
Absolutely.
Well, somebody else has to pay for them. That's the problem.
But hey, you know.
Oh, I can't make a call to action on that.
Well, friends, I brought some other stuff, too.
I brought a survivalist guide.
I was going to tell those of you who never became subgenius,
how you can live off the land,
especially getting live meat that has just been killed by, say, an owl or a bear or a fox, something like that.
That's perfectly edible.
It's probably better than roadkill.
You might get a little bear saliva on it.
But bears are going to be doing worse.
It cooks off.
Yeah, it cooks off.
Bears are going to be doing worse things to you after July 5th anyway, if you know what I mean.

If you're not saved.
Joseph Smith and Brigham Young will be okay, though.
They won't have to be.
Some subgenius who hates Mormons will go to bring them back from the dead.
Damn, their graves are empty.
And then turn around, and there they'll be, going,
Oh, I fooled you. Praise Bob.
Anyway, friends, we must get off the air.
I'm going to play one more song by Hank Floyd.
This music in the background was from Witch Disco,
which was the band of Chad.
Chaz and Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Michelle George and Bob Mosick.
And every now and then you hear everybody but Chaz.
I suppose some people probably hear him.
Well, we just heard him tonight.
Yes.
So, if you need information about the Church of the Subgenius,
you can look at subgenius.com.
And if you're not on the internet yet, then you probably ought to just avoid this stuff.
And stay tuned for upcoming show.
And now, Hank Floyd.
I saw them lights, I saw them lights
They came for me in the middle of the night
Up in the sky, Lord, shining so bright
Praise the Lord, I saw them lights
I was a fool to ever believe
That my dear old air force would never deceive
And they came for me like little angels in the night
Praise the Lord, I saw them lights
I saw them lights, I saw them lights
They came for me in the middle of the night
Up in the sky, Lord, shining so bright
Praise the Lord, I saw them lights
Well, I was a fool to wander and stray
From the main highway that faithful lay
Now all that I know is that
I don't know what is right
Praise the Lord, I saw them lights
I saw them lights, I saw them lights
They came for me in the middle of the night
Up in the sky, Lord, shining so bright
Praise the Lord, I saw them lights
