No one would have believed in the last years of the 19th century
that human affairs were being watched from the timeless worlds of space.
No one could have dreamed we were being scrutinized
as some were the microscopic studies creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water.
Few men even considered the possibility of life on other planets.
And yet, across the gulf of space,
minds immeasurably superior to ours
regarded this Earth with envious eyes.
And slowly and surely,
they drew their plans against us.
And now,
The Six amazing
Tower of Swag
Praise Bob!
This is it!
your last big chance to win back your soul.
X Day is coming.
Kiss all your calendars goodbye and prepare yourself
to greet the men from Planet X in power and glory
at the coolest campground in the United States.
With sideshow marvels,
spontaneous doctor band combustion,
trained prairie squid,
frop enhancement workshops,
acu-beating, psychic surgery,
human fights, live freaks of nature,
and acid casualties,
face-fucking, vet sperm, antidote pudding, cook-offs,
private adult sex-hurt seminars,
self-mutilating preachers and oddly normal-seeming people,
sex goddesses,

elder gods,
and exes.
X Day is coming.
Are you ready for the finals?
Which will it be?
Spaz Outlaw Holiday Forever or The Last Roundup?
Can you handle Judgment Day?
Will you simper while the world ends or will you get slapped?
Brought to you by J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
See www.subgenius.com for more information.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
experience the anxiously awaited moment, the nail-biting suspense of July 5th, 7am.
Only $30!
None may stop us and none may escape once the gate closes.
Praise Bob!
Auf Wiedersehen!
Thanks, that's all.
Well, Rubik's Cube.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to our Slack number 1838.
What we just heard was the band Rubik's Cube
recorded, performing live at 24X Day,
or what we should now call the 26th X Day Drill.
Our numbering is kind of strange.
The first Hypercube X Day Drill.
And, hey, sorry, don't blame me or Bob or even Hypercube
that the world didn't end on a human schedule.
I guess those old Xists from outer space
are degenerates.
They're determined to keep us guessing.
Gotta be ready any minute, friends.
But, yeah, we not only survived the first drill
held at Land of Id in Land O'Lakes, Florida,
owned by the spectacularly talented
Reverend Exanthia Octoshroom,
who's also a fellow junior scientist like me and Dr. Howell.
We not only survived, but we plan to do it all again
next year at Land of Id,
because that site is perfect, perfect for our size
and kind of attendance.
Everyone who was there and at previous drills
agrees that it was the best X Day ever.
But then, we always do.
Tropical storm Elsa hit Tampa in force
just after my plane back to Texas got out of there.
But it created some challenges,
details of which you'll hear soon enough.
But first,
the rat hole clench has their own drill,
or had their own drill,
and created their own media barrage
about the end of all reality, according to Bob.
12 minutes worth, and here it is.
From rat hole clench,
not to be confused with the rat cave of old.
Pray Bob.
He manipulates the necessary controls
to broadcast the message on the tape over the air.
The radio alert.
Normal broadcasting will be discontinued
for an indefinite period.
I've been asked to remind everyone that this briefing,
as well as this entire project, is classified.
And I'm going to just begin this program and tape
by showing you some terminology.
I'm going to be repetitive because I want it to sink in.
You'll learn about end time terminology,
end time numerology,
end time catastrophes,
end time organizations,
and end time leaders.
It's the marker we've been waiting for,
the spacecraft from the level above human
to take us home to the literal heavens.
For people that have a particularly strong case
of alienation,
this can become a very powerful segment of your life.
There is a vision,



a vision of another kind of world in which we could live a lot better,
and maybe the UFO can take us there.
And this is what happened, or could happen,
on a certain day called X.
Some people would look at it as the best moment of their life.
Or will it be, as many believe, the final judgment?
A lot of people have done extensive research into this
and have discovered that flying saucers have a tendency
to make a lot of appearances
around about a important event happening on Earth.
It's an amazing coincidence.
There are no coincidences.
This is way out of the realm of fiction or supposition
or conspiracy theory or speculation.
This is absolute documented fact.
On July 5th, 2019 at 7 a.m.,
the Xists shall make a mass landing on this planet.
The children of Bob shall be rewarded at this foretold rupture.
This day of judgment.
When all those who paid their church dues
will be lifted up in power and glory
to gain new homes and bodies aboard the pleasure saucers
of the sex goddesses.
All the while watching the hapless pigs twitch and bleat and wail
in the death throes of their world.
Not because some general or madman will push a button
and reduce our planet to ash,
but because, as the fundamentalists see it,
God has had it planned that way for at least 1900 years.
If there really were a day called X,
people have always had a fascination with the heavens.
UFO groups celebrate this connection to the stars.
Mainstream religion rarely, if ever,
recognizes biblical passages as describing extraterrestrial sightings.
New Agers look at the year 2000 as a time of rescue via,
listen to this, friendly spaceships.
Now I'm not saying that God did not do this,
but God worked through the UFOs to produce this.
A bizarre marriage of science fact, fiction, and hope.
Research suggests that 20% of Americans
believe in UFOs.
Is this why some of these people are joining UFO cults
instead of mainstream religions?
The best known group that started out in the grips of cult paranoia
and evolved into a major religion is...
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master
in his church of the subgenius.
A prophet with honor in his own land and in his own time.
Part circus style entertainment and part sales pitch.
At their recruitment meetings all across the country,
they were extremely persuasive with their sci-fi pitch
to potential members.
It's rumored that followers are under some type of mind control.
Praise God!
Praise God!
To me, he was a fabulous man.
I would say he was among the greatest of the great.
The energy that I felt from him
put me into a state of almost fear and awe.
He provides a way for people to have both the mystical experience
and the experience of sexual freedom
and letting go of everything.
He had this sense of apocalyptic doom.
There's no limit to what you can do.
You could destroy the Earth.
I don't know what that is.
But I know who the devil is and he hates you
and he has a plan for your life.
And it's to rip your family apart.
It's to destroy your kids.
It's to pull you out of church and make you not believe in God.
He's not politically correct.
And he's not part of the anti-Christ movement.
You see, some people have the idea
that the only people that care anything about E.T.
or extraterrestrials or UFOs and all that,
a bunch of pot-smoking hippies sitting around a campfire somewhere
and singing,
or whatever else they do.
And that's all they do.
And I mean, you know, nut jobs.
But the truth of the matter is,
some of the smartest people in this country
have their eyes focused on the heavens.
You get into the people that are in the business of making money,
and they are in the business of supporting
the knowledge of extraterrestrials.
Their unorthodox gospel began to take shape.
Once they realized the money in that,
the benefit to that,
the sheer joy and outrage and pleasure
for the public and themselves in all of that,
they turned their New Age and Christian ideologies
into a business and went searching for followers.
They brought a lot of color and excitement
to small towns of people who lived on farms
who didn't have a lot to do.
And people left with something.
They left sort of fascinated by it.
They were intrigued by the concept of,
could this actually be?
You're going to hear all kinds of stories
before you get there and afterwards,
and I'm going to make up a few after I come back.
We were out looking at the stars,
just enjoying the night,
and suddenly you look behind us,
and there hovering on the ground next to us was a UFO.
It was the most incredible light show it had
all the colors of the rainbow.
And they went around the perimeter of the craft,
and they were all just like scintillating,
dancing, just like vibrating.
It was just incredible.
They just hovered there and it was completely silent.
And they'd been coming around for a long time.
I'm just lucky I got to see them.
It cleared the minds.
It made you, your mind stronger.
It was the most unreal weekend I can ever remember.
Can't get any better than that for a testimony.
Who are these people?
What drives them to participate in acts
that society calls madness?
Let's look at the word subgenius.
It does not simply mean just below a genius.
Sub-G intelligence level can range far, far below genius.
I don't want to sound like a dummy here.
They're not smarter than me, but they're very smart.
You're only limited by the credulity of your audience
and your own imagination in making up these stories.
That there shall come in the last days
scoffers saying, where is the promise of his coming?
For the skeptic, for the agnostic, for the atheist,
I invite you, come, see, and believe.
All of you.
All these events happen right on the day.
Right on the day.
In the first four events.
Why wouldn't it be logical then to say
that the other events are going to happen right on the day?
The doomsday people would do well to study up.
On this day called X.
And that's why it is very important
that this information starts to get out now.
That man can prepare himself for a landing
that is really our future.
We're going to have an apocalyptic event.
We're going to have a convergence,
a spacecraft from various galaxies around the universe,
and they're going to bring us
women covered with hair,
standing eight feet tall.
It looks like a potato.
Deformed.
Disfigured.
Yet strangely irresistible to millions.
And it comes from Mars.
Impossible.
Unbelievable.
Fantastic.
But I tell you, it could happen.
People are always afraid of what they don't understand.
But there will always be some fool who would pick up a lit bomb
and say, this is interesting, and it will go off in your hands.
Can we get beyond our primitive fears?
As the aliens come closer,
they're weeks away, they're hours away,
things start getting strange.
And so this day called X,
which began in such an ordinary way,
is no ordinary day.
And it's so hard to know in advance
how any man will react when that day comes.
It certainly occurs to you that,
well, what if this is the big one?
You know, because you're not expecting the big one
at that particular moment.
You'll never be expecting the big one when it happens.
And it's right on the verge of coming down.
And when it comes, it's going to spring forth just like that.
It's going to come all of a sudden.
It's all been building up to this point.
But now, somewhere, in the next few days,
few weeks, few months, few years,
the Lord's on when it knows when.
But this thing is going to bust loose,
and when it busts loose,
you know what it's going to do?
It's going to find the church asleep.
The church is going to be completely asleep.
The prosperity preachers are going to be up there
naming it, claiming it, blabbing it, and grabbing it.
That's all they know to preach.
And the people are going to be comfortable in their faith,
feel good about their religion,
and they're patriotic and love the country,
and everything's going to be hunky-dory, and on we go.
Now, oh, listen to this.
This really blessed my heart, friends.
Bum-dum.
Bums can never die.
He represents more than just a man with a pipe and a know-it-all grin.
He represents the quest of all mutants for freedom.
Check that out.
Check that out.
Put that in your satanic pipe and smoke it, punk.
Check that out.
Oh, and by the way,
he can smoke whatever he wants to in that psychotic, satanic pipe of his.
I don't care what he smokes.
I don't care how much he smokes.
He ain't never going to be the most high, okay?
So you can just put that in your psychotic pipe
and smoke it.
All day, all night, all month, or day,
and you will never be the most high.
He's got delusions of grandeur.
They want to imagine themselves as the forerunners of the future.
They want to imagine themselves being on the threshold of what is to come.
They say he is a false prophet.
The latest example of spiritual con men at work.
I don't think too much of that.
I wouldn't have it in my house.
I think it's filthy.
At best, they were wasting their money.
And yet his words are so powerful in their conviction
that millions have believed his ominous prediction.
I believed it.
I totally believed it.
I was like a walking robot.
I believed everything they said.
All too many people have uncritically bought into the story,
not because the evidence is there,
but they want to believe it's true.
To this day, the question of when this prophet of doom
believed the apocalypse would take place is still unanswered.
He did give us some milestones,
some dates for milestones to think around.
We just assume that the people that have gathered those dates
know what they're talking about.
But that's not the case.
I know how those dates are arrived at.
It had pursued the goal of having the people transported out of this world
into a better world that existed in another dimension.
The instrument of that transporting was to be some flying saucers.
Those flying saucers never came.
Even when J.R. Bob Dobbs' prediction proved wrong,
his followers continued to believe that the apocalypse was imminent.
If these spaceships don't land,
I'm not going to have any great anxiety and go in a dither.
There'll be a reason for it.
You see, everything comes down to it.
There's logic and reason in life.
There's great organization in the cosmos.
Because we're disorganized and have, you might say, gotten off the highway,
that doesn't mean that the highway doesn't exist.
You didn't pay attention to the traffic signals.
What can we now conclude from what's been presented?
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob, you're going to burn.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped,
if she hasn't sent her $20 into J.R. Bob Dobbs, she's going to burn in hell.
I've really had to think for myself to learn how to save a female adult


BLUE SALT
dok
Thank you, Rat Hole Clench, for that hypnotic media barrage.
But now for one of the most powerful recordings from the Florida Ex Day Trill,
the second sermon of Father Joe Mama.
I missed the beginning of the first one,
and I hope for a recording of it from somebody somewhere.
But first, let me explain.
For this sermon, Papa Joe dressed all in black,
with a Dracula cape lined with red,
a skull and crossbones on his chest,
and he had his expert makeup artists
apply a perfect skull face makeup on his whole face
in black and white grease paint.
So keep that in mind.
Also, because this was the night of the Fourth of July,
you hear fireworks going off in the back.
And you hear the crowd constantly.
Explosions which perfectly punctuate
the bloody subject of this classic
and thoroughly post-woke retro-futuristic rant
by Father Joe Mama.
Hello friends, and welcome
to the real Ex Day 1998,
the final reckoning!
And we know it's the last Ex Day
because the conspiracy has shown their hand.
They're always lying to us, but now,
now they're not even trying to hide their deception.
It's obvious for all to see.
We've always had a crisis,
some sort of emergency to justify them
seizing our liberties and enforcing
their anti-democratic top-down dictatorships.
For two decades, it was the Islamic terror,
the terrorist,
but now they've been bought in the nicest of gardens.
We've swapped that out with a new threat
of domestic terrorists.
The angry white male.
Now I ask you,
do I look angry to you?
Do I sound angry to you?
And what in Bob's den could I possibly be angry about?
Yes.
Such a threat?
There's always out there, literally hundreds,
and yet even while this threat is precipitated
throughout the world,
hundreds of thousands of brown people
are fleeing across our border.
It'll be millions in just a few months.
Too bad they forgot to tell them
they're heading in the wrong direction.
But in case that threat isn't scary enough,
the conspiracy has another.
Even more frightening threat.
Mutating virus strains.
COVID was great while it lasted,
but now the guilt is off the flower.
People are starting to come out again
and resist their mandatory shutdowns
and mask mandates and digital passports,
so along comes COVID 2.0,
the never-ending story.
It changes, don't you see?
So you're never safe,
whether you're vaccinated or not.
And in the unlikely event that the other two threats
are not scary enough to beat you down into submission,
we have the ultimate endgame.
Climate change.
The world is going to die by 2032
unless you surrender all your power to the conspiracy
and do everything they want.
And if you express any doubts,
you're unscientific or lurite,
because the debate is over.
And how dare you even question it?
You see, it's not enough to have one doomsday scenario.
Oh, no.
You need all three simultaneously a trifecta of terror.
They want you to feel helpless
and that there's nothing you can do
to avoid your doomsday damnation.
We're all going to be blown up by white supremacists
while dying of a deadly virus variant
just as the world burns up from rising temperatures
and then drowns in rising sea levels.
If one doesn't get you, the other ones will.
Conspicuously absent, however,
from this list of life-threatening doomsday scenarios,
is the one threat that really is real.
And that will be here tomorrow, July 5th.
I'm talking about an all-out invasion by Exus Exterminators!
They're on their way here now!
Do I hear a praise bomb?
Praise bomb!
Yes, this planet is doomed.
And we can't change that.
We don't want to change that!
For the wages of subgenius sin and dobsian defiance are death!
But just because Earth is doomed doesn't mean we are.
No, no, no, no.
The Exus are coming and the pigs are bumming.
But as I look out amongst our subgenius audience here today,
the only bumming I see is of cigarettes.
And perhaps even a few other inhalable substances.
Praise bomb!
No, no, no.
We are not bumming because we're looking forward to the end times.
The planet may be condemned, the conspiracy may be condemned,
the Pains Anonymous may be condemned, but we aren't!
We've made our choice.
And once the shooting starts, we aren't going to run away from the fighting.
We're going to run to it!
Now, we're going to be joining the aliens, not only on their mopping up operations,
but also when it's all over, and going with them to Planet 10, the Exus promised world.
A new promised planet with no pains and normalcy.
It all sounds rather unbelievable, doesn't it?
But then again, what in the last few years was believable?
I mean, really.
If you have a dobsian doubt about whether Bob will fulfill his promised prophecy,
just look how the conspiracy itself is starting to prepare the public for the mere possibility of aliens.
They are showing aerial footage of military aircraft,
shooting UFOs, on TV!
They're showing this footage.
The very last order by the previous president was to release all information regarding UFOs within 180 days.
That was signed at the end of December, and by my math, let's see, that's six months, it comes out...
Well, what do you know?
It comes out right about July 5th. Here we are.
Now, why would they do that?
Maybe when people go bursting in and they say,
Oh, right to the hills!
The hills!

They're killing us, the UFOs!
All the conspiracy ties will blow their eyes and go,
Oh, please.
They've been planning that now for months.
They're just releasing the footage.
Once again, the truth is the precise opposite of what our leaders and the media are telling us.
There is a reason for us to be excited,
and his name is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
Yes.
His pipe has been hiding in plain sight for all these years.
Right beneath the conspiracy's nose.
Right beneath his nose!
We didn't expect them to ever admit it.
To paraphrase the 007 movie, Goldfinger,
No, Mr. Bondage, we expect you to die!
And die they will.
Die they must!
For...
If this planet is to be purged of its conspiracy, contamination and torments,
it must be completely cleansed.
And we cannot allow this sickness to be spread throughout the solar system,
nay, through the universe,
through all sorts of other hitchhiking spacecraft.
The only race that can be trusted to be,
well, how should you say, allowed to continue to exist,
would be the subgeniuses,
for they have a lifelong history of fighting the conspiracy.
They won't carry that.
That terrible virus with them to Planet X.
So have confidence, dear friends,
that this conspiracy will go all out like this.
That they wouldn't reveal their hand unless they knew the gig was up.
This is going to be the final X-Day.
All the real subgeniuses can feel it in their bones.
Do I hear an amen?
Amen!
Amen!
That feeling is a good feeling, friends.
The opposite of what the pinks and normals
are going to be feeling in their bones
as they are fed through the conspiracy pink people-shredders.
But hey, you can't make an offer without breaking a few eggs, right?
Well, breaking a few heads come X-Day,
as we assist with the bop-bop operations
and enjoy the biggest fireworks of all time.
So if you ever had any wonders,
just ask yourself this,
if it were a real X-Day,
would it be crowded?
No.
It would only have a select few.
We are that precious few.
After all, weight is very expensive on a flying saucer
going in all sorts of directions in outer space.
So you expect it to be small and potent.
And that's what we shall be tomorrow.
So prepare for the real Independence Day,
July 5th, tomorrow morning at 7am,
as we finally leave this cursed conspiracy world
sailing to the rest of the world.
Amen.
Yay!
Ladies and gentlemen,
Papa,
Joe Mama.
Another round of applause.
The hard mold ramming mechanism.
If jolting were possible during the squeeze.
From this.
To this.
And now,
the real
Everything was recorded with cushioned equipment.
Ram, jolt, squeeze, pin lift molding machine.
The real
Ram noise controlled jolt.
Two model 719 RJW Osborne machines
was standard equipment.
.
Oil control pattern draw stroke.
A third man sets cores and assists with the closing of the cope and drag.
.
.

We forgot in the 20th century.
I don't believe in picture windows.
.
Which allows people to inspect my house from outside.
Bye!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
The Rudy Schwartz Project Horsebrain Endocasts
from their latest album adjacent to the Latex Gerbil.
And now back to X-Day Drill number 24 or 26, depending,
wherein I was unexpectedly called upon by
Peace
to do a heartfelt rant right off the top of my head
with no preparation.
But after 26 years of X-Day Drills,
that's not a problem for me.
I wasn't expecting that, but that's okay,
because I have something to say.
This is the best X-Day ever.
For me.
Maybe not, I mean, it's also the least attended
as far as I can tell.
No skin off my teeth since they weren't charging
any money for it anyway.
And I'm just glad somebody was doing it.
I'm glad somebody came.
Did you come?
Well, you might.
We'll see.
Anyway.
Excuse me.
I'm not sure we can get more later.
Anyway, it's the best X-Day ever for me
because I didn't have to do jack shit unless I wanted to.
At some points, I wanted to do jack shit and did.
But, oh, it's so much better now.





It's so much easier.
I'm used to doing the work of those four stooges there.
I didn't have to, but for the last several years,
I actually physically did all of the setup
and technical shit myself just because I learned that
if you depend on helpers who aren't being paid,
it just ain't going to...
Sooner or later, you're going to end up going,
I could have done that faster myself.
You don't want them to see you get upset like that,
so you have to go hide when you get worked up.
I have nightmares about running X-Days and D-Vivals.
They basically consist of me wandering through some strange house
that keeps changing.
I can't even find the way out.
And all these ninnies and hippie weirdos and geeks and dorks
are laughing inanely and making stupid pop culture references,
and none of them are helping me.
They're trying to help me find my car keys or my kids or my dog.
And that's my X-Day nightmare.
But I won't have one this time!
I'm cured!
Praise Bob!
And praise Reverend Fox and Fred Cheneley and Pease
and Cosmac and everybody who busted their asses.
Lord Ferg, my God.
I don't know what I'd do without Lord Ferg.
He's taken such good care of everyone.
And Mom, Asper, Mom, really,
I should get her name tattooed on my arm.
Like Pease did.
His name is Blondie and he's a pig!
I'm a pig.
But my favorite thing of this whole X-Day
was when I was sitting in Reverend Exanthea's house with Dr. Howe.
I'm always going to think of this one.
This is Exanthea Day.
Her name starts with an X.
And they went, oh, there's a walking catfish.
I thought she was kidding.
I couldn't see it because my mind couldn't envision such a thing.
And her boyfriend ran down there and started taking pictures
and pushing something around with his foot.
And I thought they were going to see what this is about.
Oh my God, there was a dozen walking catfish!
Squibbling around, dragging themselves.
Very deliberately around on the smooth concrete.
When they got to something like a rug,
they'd pop up on their little fins and pull themselves along like they were feet!
And they had whisked long whiskers and antennae like a catfish.
I was flabbergasted.
I probably saw some news or National Geographic thing about them in the past,
but I forgot.
I live in a dry land.
Real dry.
And I've got...
My first thought was, some people here are tripping.
Am I?
But they will...
Zanthia said they're going to be all over the place pretty soon.
For about an hour, they'll just be flopping around everywhere.
Sometimes we'd come out with buckets,
because they get as far as the road and then get exhausted.
And they put them in buckets and bring them back.
You don't want to touch them with your bare hands because they stink!
And they're vicious little creatures.
If you poke them with your foot, they'll whip around and hit you with their razor-sharp tail.
God created such wonderful monsters.
To me, they were monsters, and I loved them.
In fact, they kind of reminded me of a certain creature in Monster Hunter that you fight.
But that was my favorite part of X-Day.
That's why we don't do it in motels.
Like science fiction conventions.
Or your Comic Cons.
Those are really fun.
And they're great for the Bibles, too.
But they're not an adventure.
Not like this, when suddenly walking fish rain from the sky!
In real life, right in front of your face, and you're not even tripping yet!
So, that's a wonder of X-Day.
In Ohio, we had different miracles.
Tornadoes, lightning strikes, deadly tarantula bites and things.
Derechos that put out the power everywhere all over Ohio.
Except that one obscure campground.
We had to keep it secret that we still had ice.
Or it would have been...
They would have gone all Mad Max Thunderdome on us.
Anyway, X-Day is always an adventure, and that's the cool thing about it.
That's why you remember it.
I don't have to camp in a tent anymore.
But I did for many years.
And I didn't have to drive from Texas to Ohio.
But I did 30 times!
And it was worth it!
Because this time I didn't have to.
I didn't even have to drive to the airport.
These guys took such good care of me.
And Dr. Howell.
That Philo...
Philo, you listening?
You fucked up, man!
You fucked up again, Philo!
He could have...
He... he... he fucked up.
I've gotten lots of tapes from Philo reminding me that it was me that fucked up.
So don't fuck up, friend!
You didn't fuck up!
You came to X-Day!
No matter the cost.
No matter the inconvenience.
The oppressive heat and unbelievable humidity.
Remember to drink lots of water.
Like Burning Man.
Which also is...
By the end of which you're just screaming at everybody around you.
It's just been such torture.
But it's so wonderful.
I'd go back to that every year if I could.
I really would.
But it's too close to X-Day and too expensive.
And...
My friends all...
Who were part of it in the old days say it's sold out.
But I would still go.
I just can't afford it.
Too sold out, I suppose.
These festival things are great.
And the best thing...
The show...
Everybody knows it.
You probably see recordings of it or whatever later if there was anything good.
The main thing is standing in the middle of the road talking.
My feet always get real tired.
I forget to sit down.
But sitting around a campground and just the talking between the people.
It's amazing how that works.
Some of us can be basically anti-social.
But for some reason...
It sometimes changes the next day.
Next thing you know somebody's pregnant and has to get married.
And you've got them christening some red-headed stepchild.
And they grow up and end up playing on the stage.
So there you go.
Starwood is similar.
Bigger and with a somewhat more gullible general customership.
But there's a lot of crossover.
I'm married to that also.
But...
Price Bob, we found a new home.
Ex Day or Exanthea Day, whatever.
And her dad.
Her dad actually started this place.
And she's been here since she was 11.
She was the subgenius.
I've met her dad.
I can't wait to see his museum.
And this is a wonderful place.
Cool vibes.
The residential part reminds me of Trailer Park Boys hippie style.
And I told that to a couple of the workers here.
And they said, that's exactly it.
So...
And that's lately my favorite show.
So there you go.
I'm going to get back to playing Trailer Park Boys dirty money on my video game later tonight.
But thanks for coming everybody.
And that was a hell of a Papa Joe Mama rant.
Praise Bob!

Praise Bob!
Well I'm sorry to get so straight with you and everything.
But you know, that was...
He asked for it.
His name is Blondie and he's a pig!
I'm a pig!
Hijo de un gran puta!
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Let's give a nice round of applause.
What makes Bob holler?
What makes Bob holler?
When I asked Bob he explained this way.
And he said...
Well when a little sweety pie in a miniskirt twirls by and rolls those big blue eyes.
Oh, I holler.
And when some pretty chick says she loves my fiddle legs.
Well now then, that can do the trick.
Oh, I holler.
Slack makes Bob holler.
You can find pictures and videos of X Day at the Facebook page called X Day YouTube.
And you can find pictures and videos of X Day 2021.
One of the first events was an impromptu jam which had Reverend Pease and Reverend Fid Chooley on vocals.
They were also co-organizing the festivities with Dr. Fox of Hypercube.
And Ruttenberg on bass and I forget on drums.
I may have to edit this for the broadcast radio version.
Hi!
But it was nice of you to offer.
My name's Bill.
I'd like to be a subgenius too.
Here's my 35.
Can you tell me what to do?
Tell me what to do, Bob!
Tell me, tell me, tell me, Bob.
Tell me, tell me, tell me now.
Bob!
How come nobody thinks I'm funny and cool yet?
I paid my 35 dollars.
I thought everybody was gonna think I was funny and cool.
This isn't fair.
They're all laughing at me.
They're all laughing at me.
What the fuck?
What did I do, Pease?
Well?
What did I do?
The first thing you did was try to join the church.
It's a big fucking thing.
We don't know what's good.
If you didn't know, you can't be funny.
It doesn't matter anyway.
None of us are.
No.
That's not fair.
I paid my 35 dollars.
All of you.
You literally have to be my friends.
Is he funny now?
I paid you.
Is he funny now?
You.
You.
You all have to be my friends and you all have to think he's super funny.
You have to think I'm funny.
I paid for it.
I have a card in my wallet.
I think he's funny.
I don't know.
Yeah we got money.
All of a sudden your fucking people really feel lets us out.
Yeah we get in trouble.
No, we just do it for fun.
It's the same thing as me.
We don't how much money they put us in, we don't pay their tuition

Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me!
Time control! Time control! Time control! Time control!
Bob never asks you to meet on the square.
Bob never says that it's level here.
Bob always knows what's going down.
Bob is a friend and he's coming around!
Do not fit! He'll be here!
Fuck the X's, but he'll be clear!
Fuck gumes! Fuck gumes!
Fuck peeeench! Fuck peeeench!
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me time!
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me time!
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me time!
Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me time!
Timecap!
Gimme gimme bob, gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme bbob
In my butt, In my butt, In my butt, Put it put it put it!
Get some consent, get some consent, Don't do it without that consent!
Get something said, get something said! Then you'll be super content!
Fuck peace! Fuck peace! Fuck peace! Fuck peace! Fuck peace! Fuck peace!
Fuck peace! Fuck peace, fuck peace! Fuck peace!
So I sent my $35 to Ivan's day.
I thought I'd be funny, but I wasn't.
X day!
I left my whiskey in El Segundo.
El Segundo left his whiskey in you.
Oh.
Genius has the hat of all things.
One's other humans, and we are content to call them pinks,
can be satisfied by other things,
by games of power or accumulation of wealth,
or simply by feeling that they got the best of everyone else.
The art of the deal, after all, is the art of the steal.
The art of getting more of the other person's stuff than you should.
This is all...
This is also called making a profit.
And to twisted minds, this is their idea of slack.
But like all false slack,
they keep jonesing and thirsting after more of it
because it does not really satisfy.
Not like being able to tell a good joke and get a good laugh.
Hey, Reverend Stang, would you agree with that?
Oh, I would never disagree with that.
Whatever you said.
We may not be funny, but we're trying to be funny,
and even the failure can provide humor,
and the humor exudes slack into the atmosphere.
Well, one time when Philo and I were researching rival cults,
before we put together the pamphlet for Bob,
we went to the trouble of, well, we studied the direct mail advertising of the Scientologists, the Masons,
the...
and all kinds of more obscure cults.
Hell, there it is!
And we went to an Eckhankar meeting in Dallas,
and they're a fairly typical...
They worship Eckhankar.
...New Age theosophy-derived descendant of the Alice Bailey teachings and so forth.
Bunch of looney tunes and wooly stuff.
Not Johnny Eckhankar.
They...
And their meeting was pretty solemn.
The Dallas Eckhankar people were...
It was probably about 30 people.
There were some ladies that were kind of running things,
and they were speaking worshipfully of their leader,
Ceri Darwin Gross.
He was the main guy at that time.
Ceri Darwin Gross.
They had a picture of him on their pulpit, their lectern-type thing.
And just at the moment that she was going,
and then there is him, he, who needs not be named, but yet, he is...
...and then there is him, he, who needs not be named, but yet, he is...

Ceri Darwin Gross.
The picture fell off the damn lectern.
That was funny.
Did it reveal another picture underneath it?
If only.
Oh, yeah.
Philo and I could barely contain ourselves.
And that did improve the Eckhankar lecture for us.
However, it happened to me one time.
I started getting a little bit too serious about Bob.
It was one of those times when...
Oh, somebody gave me...
Somebody gave me...

...some drug or something before I went on stage.
Coffee or beer or something.
I got...
I wasn't...
I didn't do my usual thing.
I got a little too serious about...
Ecology, we could destroy the planet and all this.
And the picture of Bob, it was a really big one right behind me, fell to the ground.
And I realized I'd let Bob down.
It was me letting Bob down because it wasn't funny.
God damn it.
Well, Bob heard you when he wanted to.

He wanted to jump down and be the first thing to be destroyed with the rest of the planet.
Yeah, I'm lucky the whole stage didn't collapse on me.
That has happened to some Bobbies.
It is strange how that works out.
As if there's some master ironist at work.
The imminent will that stirs and urges everything and plays mean pranks.
Yeah, in case anyone in your bosses are listening, you guys are really cool.
Thanks.
My mom tunes in regularly.
People, yeah.
Preaching hellfire and damnation.
Will you guys say hello to Andy Goodman for me?
I really miss him.
When we see her, we'll say hello to her for you.
Okay, thank you very much.
And don't forget, some people come to the show and just watch TV.
And then they say, all three of my brains are somewhat disconnected.
Then they say, phew.
They have three brains and they watch TV.
And then they go slap, attack.
Right, they have their emotions.
They're like, I'm going to die.







They're emotional brains.
They're intellectual brains.
Attacks on Slack.
There we go.
Okay, now what is he saying?
Attack on Slack?
He wants an attack on Slack.
No, no, no, no.
The practice administration is trying to develop a new tack on Slack.
Oh, a new tack on Slack.
I get it.
Wait a minute.
Are you talking about the business industry?
Yeah, he's talking about Slack is just overused, overused.
He wants to have a new tack on Slack itself.
I thought he was saying attacks.
I'd like a tax break on Slack myself because we never get enough Slack.
Well, sir, I'll tell you right now, the church is going to be a little bit more



of a mess.
I'm going to tell you right now, the church of the subgenius does not tax any of its members.
We don't believe in tax.
Tax is anti-Slack.
Very good, very good.
I'll have to buy more brochures and hand them out.
All you need is your $30 donation.
I am a member.
Thank you very much.
Oh, good, good.
I promise you going forward in this administration, we will, read my lips, have no taxes in the
church of the subgenius.
I'm going to tell you right now, the church of the subgenius does not tax any of its

members.
I've been telling you, I'm going to call it off.
I'm going to call it off.
He's doing some liquid Slack right now.
That's a promise, and I can keep that promise.
It's one I'll not break like I normally or sometimes have been known to have to be.
Right now it's 720 in the morning in Knoxville.
College of hard knocks.
So, yes, we will be, I think I'm going to put out my platform on my website very shortly,
and I'm going to put out the link.

My platform for administration of the Church of the Subgenius into the next 100 years.
Wow, that'll be cool.
And you can rest assured that in this church, your taxes will only go down below zero.
We may even pay you money to join this church in the future.
A slack tax rebate.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
An anti-slack tax rebate that gives you a hedge against the future slack attacks against you.
I can see it now.
You don't know when they're going to be coming, those slack vampires.
It'll be coming around each corner.
You'll be slurking and lurking along and there when you least expect it.
Slack attack.
Slack attack.
And now you'll be with your special secret anti-slack tax rebate from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can flash that anti-slack tax rebate and defer that horrible attack against your slack in such a way as to cause the monstrous intrusion to completely dissipate.
Many flacks are wary of enacting the anti-slack attack tax.
And yet...
Yes, we're going to try to be an example for all administrations.
And what is this whole thing about gay marriage?
In the Church of the Subgenius, we believe that any kind of creature should be able to marry any other type of creature without state sanction.
Ah, creature comfort.
I could be married to you right now.
We're over the airwaves and we don't even know it.
And who do we need the state to sanction that anyway?
Certain things bite.
Also...
Was that a steak sanctioned?
Like a teabag?
Subgenius ministers have been marrying people for years.
We've married groups of people to each other.
We've married things to each other.
With short duration marriages.
Right, through the Universal Life Church.
No, through the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, you don't need to have any...
When I got my kids from the Church of the Subgenius, it says I was an affiliated minister for the Universal Life Church.
We just say that to make people feel good.
But, you know, we've been given up our own ordinations for thousands of millennia.
Oh, I love it.
Is it true that Bob is neither coming nor going, but he's like somewhere in between, like in quantum physics or something?
In a state of indeterminacy.
Well, it is true and not true at the same time, believe it or not.
That's kind of a hard concept to address.
No, it is.
That's actually very...
I mean, from what else I've read, it seems like it makes sense.



He's sort of in between.
He balances on the interstitial range between the two counterclockwise vortices of slack.
Those are counterclockwise opposite turning vortices separated only by a small interstitial range of slack.
On top of which, Dobbs dances.
For your pleasure.
That little place called Dobbs.
Come along with me down to subgenius land.
Yes, in the secret language of subgenius symbology, we speak to the lesser creatures living close to nature that the ancients felt all things to be interconnected in an intricate web of being.
And there the 60 cycle hogs.
Oh, my God.

Oh, my God.
We're going to finish this work in just a little bit, and then we'll give you your regular programming back.
I'm shaving Hal's pelt right now.
Ooh, it feels so good.
How much yeti is Hal?
Hal, are you at least 80, 90% yeti, right?
I'm afraid so.
I could celebrate your yeti heritage.
The physical tropisms are unmistakable.
Do you ever wax your pelt?
No, not yet.
that would be excruciatingly painful.
I've whacked my pelvis a few times.
Mental state which lets you meditate better.
California.
The Puzzling Evidence Show from KPFA Berkeley,
long ago but still fresher than tomorrow's headlines.
This is the Hour of Slack from Church of the Subgenius.
See subgenius.com for details.
That's subgenius.com.
And now, recorded live at 24X Day,
the band called Rubik's Pube.
That's Rubik's with an X, Pube.
They drove to Florida all the way from Pennsylvania.
Praise Bob!
I can't live by myself anymore.
I need some help from my new brother.
His old is listening and he's awful good at watching me.
And I think he'll watch me forever.
I don't want to be a zombie anymore.
I don't want to be a zombie anymore.
I can't live by myself anymore.
I can't live by myself anymore.
I can't live by myself anymore.
I can't live by myself anymore.
I don't want to be a zombie anymore.






Bob Bob, Bob Bob, Bob Dog.
Does it mean I do the things that you can't do?
Giving me an excite and a check?
I don't wanna be part of the man
Said he's doing me no harm
But the things that he does takes a fuckin' like
And a fuckin' arm
I wake up callin' in alarm
Like J.J. Allen at the Christmas Eve song
I wake up callin' in alarm
And a fuckin' man
Said he's doing me no harm
But the things that he does takes a fuckin' arm

Said he's doing me no harm
But the things that he does takes a fuckin' arm
And a fuckin' arm
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ah!
Wait, I'm getting a no-go signal.
Now I'm losing one of the craft.
Hey Bermuda, you getting it?
I don't know what's the contact.
A lot of dust blowing up there.
Okay, they're calling those two little kiwi dogs, or the pumpkin birds, I think they're calling them now.
Can anybody hear?
Okay.
Come in.
No, I'm sorry, the Red Seed is...we lost the Red Seed.
