All right.
Oh, are we okay?
I think you had a subgenius in the studio.
No, I had a subgenius.
I'm sorry, we're going to spray for those things next week.
We call the exterminator.
Don't watch that!
Watch this!
Shaker tag!
Look, it's 3 a.m.
These guys are running on bad coffee.
They have about four hours of sleep.
Maybe you could think about cutting them some slack.
I can't afford slack.
Hey, who's that?
Bob?
Totally lacking in sympathy or imagination.
The modern racketeer.
Psychologists say that such character can frequently be traced back to...
The subgenius.
Power of Slack.
Hey.
Arkansas?
Hey!
What did you say?

Watch this.
This is John's
job at Shaftesbury Park building.

That guy.

빈
and then unpacking them and placing them back on the shelf.
This is not the way the Jehovah One has designed you to act.
Unless you are willing to admit that you are a gnome,
a pink boy, a nini, a twig.
Only then can you decide where your path shall lead you.
But we know inherently that we are all created good
by Jehovah One.
Some of you got such bad luck sometimes in your life,
you couldn't hang yourself with your own necktie.
This is when you should look to Bob.
When you look to Jehovah One and say,
Bob, come into my life.
And you should see one set of footprints in the sand.
And that is when you will know that Bob has charged you
five dollars and not nine cents.
To carry you to the nearest taxi.
Praise Bob and his divine ways.
You got to know that life is like a vanishing twin.
A baby inside of a twin, inside of a woman's belly.
That's how confusing this wiggly world can be.
You gotta rise up above this wiggly world
and grab the hand of Bob.
Praise him.
and all that blows from Bob.
I knew Bob for over 30 years.
Some mouth content who has just enough information
to sound knowledgeable and do serious damage.
He drove too fast.
And what happened to Bob?
Disappeared.
Were you and Bob close?
I'd nod to him in the morning.
Bob, breaking my heart.
Do you think that you miss him?
Bob?
No.
I don't miss Bob.
I just wonder if there might be some connection
between Bob and your attack in the elevator.
What happened to Bob?
You think Bob is my rosebud?
Actually, I think this precedes Bob.
Do you have some sort of psychological antihistamine?
Hello.
J.R. Bob Dubs.
J.R. Bob Dubs.
Orange Bob.
Aside from the church declaring war on God
and trying to change all human nature,
which is also what every peacenik wants, I guess,
is to change human nature and make us so we're not chimpanzees
or even primates anymore.
Good luck on that.
But actually, Bob promises the end of warfare
for all who have become ordained subgenius ministers.
On X Day, July 5th, 19...
1998.
If the real 1998 ever gets here.
That's how big the conspiracy is.
That's how insidious it is.
You think this is, what, July 29th, 2008,
if that's what it's supposed to be.
But we don't really know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
If I could tell you that Earth was switched with Mars
and World War II was nothing but a diversion
to hide that slight of planet,
and you would laugh, some of you, if it were that funny.
But it's true.
That's the horrible thing about it.
And if you don't believe me,
the evidence is in our new book, the Bobliography.
I'm sure the evidence is also in the Bible.
As far as I can tell, the evidence for anything is in the Bible.
And our books are the same way.
They're vague.
They're...
Um...
Um...
Um...

full of generalizations and terrible wrathful things
which suddenly turn into peacenik nice things.
And there's a lot of sex and killing.
So, you know, and what we have that the Bible doesn't, pictures.
That's a selling point.
Our books have pictures.
You see, as Onan said, once again, see, he's my script writer.
God forgot to make stupidity painful.
We're here to change that.
This is the 11th X Day, and I'm getting tired of you.
Bob didn't come through this time.
And please, folks, don't say,
Where'd we stand? How come the X's didn't show up?
I've gotten real tired of that.
I'm not Bob.
Do you see a pipe in my mouth, man?
Do you?
Not right now. I mean, sometimes, yeah, sure.
But not, you know what I mean.
Do you see Bob on my face?
Yeah, but you know what I mean.
It's funny when you put your glasses on.
But then Bob proved himself on July 5th when Ken Lay died.
I heard that news on the way home on the radio, and I was just like, what?
I was, you know, that bastard died in his vacation home in Aspen, Colorado.
But he died on July 5th.
Surrounded by luxury.
You know, every imaginable luxury he was surrounded by.
And, you know, that's a much better fate.
That, you know, what, did he die in his sleep, too?
I mean, that's a much better fate than the lives of the people he...
Well, he had a heart attack. I imagine that would wake you up.
Well, you...
No, a lot of people sleep right through heart attacks and never wake up.
And any other day, any other day if Ken Lay had died, we would be angry and grumpy.
But he died on July 5th, so that proves that there is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Well, you know, I hate to...
I will not relax my intellectual standards for even for this program and not even for Bob.
I'm sorry.
That just doesn't flow.
It just doesn't follow logically that it proves there's a Bob.
Well, he got...
I know there's a Bob because I saw him and we burned him alive, remember?
Well, we always burned him alive.
Right, but this...
He keeps coming back for more.
Praise Bob.
These are dark times.
These are dark times.
These are dark times.
The end times predicted by Bob.
Stupid idiots.
Dressing up in...
Stupid clothes.
Preaching whatever it takes to get you to buy.
These are dark times.
These are dark times.
These are dark times.
The end times predicted by Bob.
In the holy book, the book of the subgenius.
And what did Bob say would come at the end of the end times?
What will come next?
Intervention from higher beings, ladies and gentlemen.
These aliens are coming.
You think time's a duck now.
Just wait until these aliens arrive.
But as soon as we're gone, you folks who are here unsaved,
you folks listening by radio, you folks listening by record,
who know not Jesus Christ, once the church is gone,
there is going to be a cataclysmic judgment.
And millions will die in those next few years.
They'll be glued to their sets, watching rockets and jets,
blowing up schools and factories,
putting an end to the birds and bees.
It's worth every penny to tune in and see
who wins the Emmy at the root of the academy.
Watch World War III on pay TV
before your television melts away.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
I feel fine.
A-O, let's go.
Shoot them in the back now.
Shoot them in the back now.
Tried a man, broken in the dark again.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, dear friends.
The civilization of the normals,
any minute now will be destroyed by Bob's friends,
the aliens, that's right, the exes.
Yeah, yeah, on July 5th,
if you hadn't gotten,
enough of that date
in those various clips there.
Ah, yes, X-Days are coming, my friends.
And that's...
Did you get that July 5th?
You did get that, right?
And the pinks are bumming.
And who was that we've been listening to?
Just before the X-Day pop songs collage there,
we heard a cut-up by Reverend Sweetness McGee
of Reverend Sweetness McGee.
And there's a young priest preaching in London.
There's also going to be an X-Day gathering in London,
as well as in the U.S.
The one in the U.S. is at Brushwood in Sherman, New York.
The one in London is at a club called the Rhythm Factory.
And you can get all that information at subgenius.com.
Before that, we heard a little cut-up by The Large,
a...
I don't know who did the Mongoloid chorus,
but we heard some preaching by yours truly,
Reverend Stang from Winter Star.
I should mention that Starwood comes up two weeks after X-Day
at the same location in Brushwood.
That's a clothing-optional campground, folks.
And...
But don't worry.
Most of them keep their clothes on.
Collages there also by Norrell Preff.
There were two by Norrell Preff,
the song at the beginning, All Praise Bob,
was by Raymond Lafferty.
And Fernanda Nettily-Murr did our titles, friends.
And I think that's it for the credits.
I've got some more X-Day songs and collages
that I could play and probably will.
We're expecting Lonesome Cowboy Dave to call in pretty soon.
And, in fact, Princess,
you might kind of help me keep an eye on this.
These little flashing lights over here.
That would be my pleasure, Reverend Stang.
Princess Wee is here with me.
And, strangely enough, we also have a video crew here.
They're doing a documentary about Devo.
Our old friends, the Devos.
And they were in Cleveland, of course,
because the Devos were hatched here
in Northern Ohio.
I see somebody trying to call, but it's not Dave.
Friends, until Dave calls at the appointed moment,
I'm going to read to you about contraception in ancient Rome.
A couple of weeks ago, we read from this book,
Sex in History, by Ray Tannehill.
Not to be confused with history of sex.
This is Sex in History.
It's a great book.
But contraception in ancient Rome.
We'll do this quickly here.
The indefatigable Pliny, a moral man,
could not bring himself to approve contraception
except for women who were overproductive.
His solution was to try to diminish the desire
for sexual intercourse.
And his recipes must have been quite effective,
even if not always for scientific reasons.
Quote,
Mouse dung applied in the form of a liniment
was one suggestion.
Another involved swallowing either snail excrement
or pigeon droppings mixed with oil and wine.
A third required the testicles and blood
of a dunghill cock to be secreted under the bed.
That's a type of rooster I was referring to.
Further, he pointed out that if a woman's
loins were, quote,
rubbed with blood taken from the ticks
on a wild black bull,
she would be inspired, quote,
with aversion to sexual intercourse.
So first you catch your bull, friends.
Pliny's contemporary, Dioscorides,
whose works were still being consulted
and relied on as late as the 16th century,
had some equally interesting suggestions.
After intercourse, he recommended
inserting pepper, quantity unspecified,
into the mouth of the uterus.
Ow, ow, ow.
It is not clear whether, like his predecessors,
he still attributed curative qualities to this pepper,
or whether it occurred to him that,
since sneezing was often recommended
as a way of expelling semen,
it would be a good idea to take the sneeze
closer to the source.
And with that, we'll see, let's see if we,
if we can pick up anything on the air.
I just returned from Dobbstown.
It was.
The Malaria Fest.
So it was Dave all that time.
It was Dave.
And I just came back from the Malaria Fest.
Yeah, yeah.
In which Dobbstown?
Dobbstown South.
Oh, South America.
Down in South America.
Uh-huh.
And I discovered all kinds of different things
that I didn't want to know.
One was that the original,
the,
that they were putting too much strontium-90 in the milk.
In Dobbstown?
No, previous to that.
And that's why all of Bob's so-called children
have those defects.
Well, you know, the only one of Bob's kids
where it's really obvious is Bub,
who has no eyes or nose.
He's just a mouth with a pipe.
And the hairdo.
I know, it's a horrible sight.
But the other ones, as far as I,
you know, I mean, how do you even tell
with one of the Dobbs's,
how do you know if they've got birth defects?
Well, you know,
and there could be macroconvolutions in the brain.
They could be extremely, you know,
telekinetic or psi-influenced or something like that.
Or they could just be constantly humming
this weird buzzing tune in their head all day
and can't get it out of their minds.
Strontium-90.
I was writing that down for my recipe.
I'm thinking of trying to recreate
the diet that gave me my birth defects.
You probably were raised similar
in the 50s when we were growing up.
Kraft cheese products.
Right, TV dinners.
Banquet is still my favorite.
Although we shouldn't spam.
Oh, spam was good, too.
You can spam for spam.
Nanospite was a good one.
It gave you the instant rejection.
Yeah, boy.
And just sitting real close to the television.
The TVs in those days were different.
They put out more rays.
Yeah, the electronic fire really meant something then.
Yeah.
Now it means you just go in there
and grab those ganglia and charge you for it.
Kids take so much for granted these days.
Yeah.
They think they...
And they take their dads for granted.
It's Father's Day, kids.
Did you remember to call your poor old dad?
Who, me?
You listening by radio with that joint in your mouth.
Drinking that beer.
Did you remember to call your pa today?
Your poor old pa.
You that lined the children up according to their size
so that their feet all touch the water in the same places
and put the barbecue sauce directly on the grill.
You should have called up somebody's dad today.
It could have been anybody's probably related to somebody
and just said, happy Father's Day.
Right.
If you've already murdered,
your parents call somebody else's parents.
You call my dad.
Call Pappy Stang down there.
Just look up Pappy Stang in the phone book
for Stangsville, Texas.
Stang County.
Go ahead and call him up.
Say, Pappy.
Happy Pappy's Day.
What's the area code?
I forgot.
254.
254.
So just 254 and dial any random number and say, happy Pappy.
That's right.
Happy Pappy's Day.
Happy Pappy.
Because there's only one...
Stangsville, Texas has a population of one,
except when I'm there.
Then there's...
Or in Princess We, then there's three of us.
But mostly it's just Pappy.
There's the ergot plant.
I mean, not the actual plant.
The factory.
The factory.
There's the ergot plant, yes.
And so there's a lot of transient labor.
Well, that's technically in Stephenville.
Well, they still have to pay taxes.
Now, this was the strangest thing.
I was...
Watching TV the way I do, which is by downloading.
And it was that show, Bizarre Foods.
And I thought, gosh, which episode should I download?
Korea for Bizarre Foods?
You know, Malaysia, where they eat monkey brains?
No, I downloaded Texas.
And what should they...
You haven't seen this yet.
The stuff I grew up eating was being described as weird foods.
This guy was, like, you know, daring to eat an actual Texas meal.
Is this like moon pies and squirrel or...
Scorpions and tarantula, you know, tacos, that kind of stuff.
I mean, it's Tex-Mex, basically.
But it was the strangest thing.
It was supposed to be, here's the weird, strange, exotic land of Texas.
And here's the weirdest part of Texas.
And where did it happen to be?
Stanksville.
Actually, the next town over.
Did they have theremin music in the background?
Yeah, to show how weird.
How weird it was.
The local denizens here who munch on scorpions daily.
And we're going to take a walk up to his door right now.
Or was it like more...
There was a big build-up and stuff.
And then suddenly, there was all the food arrayed in front of everybody.
Well, I'll tell you what.
When that show was over, I ran downstairs and made me a...
Some kind of food.
I don't remember what the basis was.
It didn't really matter.
Because it was mostly halibut.
Jalapenos and hot sauce.
Mayonnaise and peanut butter.
No, not mayonnaise and peanut butter.
With jalapenos on the side.
Tarantula, venom, and scorpion pee.
Well, that's maybe one of the reasons why Texans are so hardy is eating scorpion flesh and tarantulas.
You better believe in horny toads.
Or also known as horned lizards.
People used to literally think we were talking about toads, amphibians that were sexually aroused.
But the horny toad is a lizard that looks like a toad and has little horns and is pretty much extinct.
I used to think they were extinct because of 12-year-old boys like I was.
But I later discovered that it was because of fire ants.
And Strontium-90.
Right.
Well, Stainesville is the home of the big nuclear power plant that serves Dallas and Fort Worth.
Well, they process that stuff.
They don't just...
You can't get it pure or uncut, unstepped on anymore.
When you go out and try to score some Strontium-90 these days, you got to deal with some guy in a back alley.
It's probably going to be half talcum powder and baby laxative.
Yeah.
Yeah, mannitol.
Totally stepped on.
Right.
So your half-life is going to be maybe five years, not 90 years.
And so you can't hardly get...
You know, you're not going to be mutated.
Your kids might...
Have to wear glasses or be kind of short or something.
It's not going to do any more than being a regular smoker or something.
Right.
It'll skip a generation.
If you have to go through like a spectrographic hall or something like that,
you're not going to really make any needles jump and stuff unless you're already wearing some.
And most of those people who consume too much Strontium-90 live to regret it.
Well, for those who can't get enough Strontium-90,
there's always X-Day at Brushwood.
And as usual, Bob won't be there.
Well, we don't know that.
We've never known with old Bob.
We never know that.
Reports.
Reports from Doddlers and Dingy Belts.
Reports and omissive misstatements from Whizwangs.
Speaking of Whiz, I can tell you some Whizwangs that will be there.
What Whizwangs will be there, Reverend Sting?
Whizwangs.
Whizwangs.

I think that Lonesome Cowboy Dave will end his lonesomeness.
The real Lonesome Cowboy Dave?
Yeah, not this guy we're talking to on the phone.
Anybody could imitate Dave.
Oh, man.
Dave's the easiest guy in the world to imitate.
We should get a lot of people coming just to see him.
Anybody could talk like Dave.
But the unreal one, the one I've been waiting to see for a long time.
The popular Lonesome Cowboy Dave is going to be there.
And Reverend Susie the Floozy and her two friends that are so famous.
Her friends.
Yeah, the ones that live on her chest.
And, by the way, when we end the show, we'll have some Susie collage that's really good.
But Dr. Katahdin Leguim will be there.
He's the most, you know, he's the world's smartest subgenius.
That's his official.
His name is the most mispronounced.
Well, maybe.
Probably just too smart for anybody to be able to say it.
Yeah, he got an award for smartest subgenius.
And, you know, that really ain't saying all that much.
But, now, I'm going to leave out somebody important.
Now, the Cuijibo cartel is going to be there.
That beatnik Reverend Chris Lee.
Oh, and there are bands.
I might mention the bands.
Ernest Tubb won't be there.
Ernest Tubb won't be there.
No, Flatt and Roy Acuff won't be there.
But the amino acids will be there.
And John Deere tractor beam will be there.

In fact, there's going to be a beach party on Friday night.
Even though there's not a beach for 50 miles.
Or 100 miles.
There will be a beach party Friday night.
A subgenius beach party?
Yeah.
And Fat Free, the band, not the coffee creamer.
Or the idea.
Right.
Dr. Dark's drive-in will be showing movies Wednesday and Thursday.
Great and bad.
And the B-films.
The B-films.
Those are wonderful.
You know, they're not really B-films.
The kind that we're into, that kind of bulldata, is what you'd more like call Z-films.
Zontarian.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, anybody on YouTube, check out Zontar on YouTube.
Zontar.
You know, I've used that phrase so long, and I don't know what it means.
Is it perhaps a hostean of some great power?
Or is it like a guru?
A Mr. Genie, Swami type guy?
In the middle 60s, in Dallas, Texas, the great unsung film director, Larry Buchanan,
did a movie called Zontar, The Thing from Venus, for a budget of about $10,000.
It was in color, and it was 70 minutes long, and it had John Agar in it.
And my old boss, Brownie Brownrigg, played...
He was small enough to wear the Zontar costume.
He was small enough to wear the Zontar costume.
So I can actually say that I know Zontar Thing from Venus.
And he didn't pay very well.
He paid minimum, actually.
He was like a real, a mean little guy with a cylindrical helmet that had antenna, but he had teeth too, right?
That's right.
Yeah.
He was a little guy.
He was like a little buzzing doll-shaped thing.
He was a different kind of Jesus, like no other Jesus you've ever seen.
He was a really different Jesus.
We need more different Jesuses.
We have...
How many do we have right now?
13, right?
Or is that a mystical number I'm not supposed to say?
Well, we try not to talk about that because of that child custody case where they took Jesus' child away.
So I don't know if Jesus is going to be at X Day or Magdalene.
I haven't heard from them.
They may very well be steering clear because of, you know, the New York family judge taking their child away
because they were members of Church of the Subgenius.
And just because they did that takeoff on the...
The Passion of the Christ at 1X Day naked with those dildos and things.
Yeah.
Wouldn't...
Don't you think if you were Jesus and Mary, you'd have at least the right, as far as royalties
and collection would go, to do such a thing?
I mean, I don't see what the problem is.
Jesus is not suing himself.
The water balloons of blood didn't help either.
Not the other one, but the one of the third, maybe the fifth Satan.
It's his fault.
I think.
Well, why blame him?
Why blame things on Satan when you can blame them on Bob?
That's true.
That's what I...
You know, I often ask myself that.
And it's the same thing with church names.
You know, everybody...
The subgenius ministers all have these cute, funny names.
Those are their true names.
They're subgenius church names.
But they're born with their human street name.
And I've often wondered why anybody would ever use a human street name if they had a subgenius name.
True.
Yeah, why use your slave name?
Right.
Like, the first time I saw somebody called Dr. Legume, Kenny,
I wanted to puke.
And the time that people started calling Pope Sternodocs instead of saying,
Oh, hey, Pope Sternodocs, Pope of all Arkansas.
They go, Hey, Mike.
Why?
It certainly does take a lot of nerve slack off of it, doesn't it?
No kidding, man.
I mean, why?
You know, why blame...
Same things on Satan when you can blame him on Bob.
And you can also...
You know, with Bob, you got Satan and Jesus rolled into one.
You can thank Bob for good stuff and blame him for the bad stuff.
Same thing that one guy's blaming him for, another person be thanking him for.
It's like a Braxis, as bold as a love wrench.
The same kind of handle we used to put on our animals, not the children, not our actual offspring,
but our kind of offspring and stuff like that.
It's like they're pet names.
They're Oogly.
They're the Oogly names that we give them.
Maybe that's not right.
Did you just say Oogly Googly?
Yeah, you know, like...
You know, when you're talking to a small child, like,
and trying to stick your thumb down their throat.
I thought it was like that Barney Google with the Googly Eyes song.
Well, that was not a real song.
That was just a transmission from outer space that everybody in the 40s...
They think it was the SS was doing it.
But you're not going to let that happen.
It was the OSS.
The progenitors of the CIA let anything like that.
That Barney Google was just a transmission.
Ah, okay.
I was thinking of the great Oogly Boogly from that wonderful movie that we saw.
Zontar.
Yeah, that's right.
It was Zontar.
It was made by that guy Tarsier something.
What's the...
The wall or the face or...
What's the name of that movie?
That's a great movie.
Oh, well.
Oh, well.
Yeah, oh, well.
Oh, God.
Better forgotten.
Oh, well.
Dead air.
Names that don't emerge when they're supposed to.
It's like a misdirection.
It's like being unable to procreate at the correct response time.
Maybe.
Well...
I'm sorry.
I know what you mean, man.
When you're under pressure, sometimes that's...
It's like...
Then you can't do it.
You know, if everybody...
It's like they're looking at you and they're waiting for you.
And you just...
You get all pee shy is what happens.
Yeah, pee shy.
You know, pity.
Pity the pee shy.
It's as if everyone in India was suddenly starving and staring right at you with big, big eyes.
Right.
You can't finish that sandwich.
You're in the end.
I'm starving.
Right.
That should put you off your food.
Yeah, at least you got some.
Right.
You thank Bob for that.
You can blame Bob that others don't have it.
That they don't have it.
Right.
Or you can thank Bob that they don't have it.
That's the whole point.
It's good, bad, bad, good.
That's the beauty part.
Or the ugly part, as some would count.
The beauty.
Yeah, the sandwich could have the air get.
Who could sandwich?
Yes.
That guy's goofy.
Don't listen to him anymore.
He's listening to invisible transmissions at all times, too.
He's sequestered and quartered.
Just check his underwear sometime.
Reverend Sandwich.
They have all the proof right there.
Everything you need to know.
I'd actually rather not check his underwear, but...
Reverend Earl Sandwich.
That'd be a good church name for somebody.
He's the guy that invented the colloquialism in the drive-in movie, I think.
Isn't he?
Here's a good church name somebody could use.
Reverend Franklin I. Dengivadam.
Hmm.
A little too lackadaisical.
Reverend Don Quixote.
How's that?
A little more romantic, perhaps, but still, you know, he's full of wind.
Like those windmills.
And aren't we all like Don Quixote friends, tilting away at the impossible dream?
Of getting paid to sit around doing nothing?
Getting the hell off this planet.
Well, yeah, but in the meantime, until X-Day, the impossible, the dream.
What is the dream?
To get paid for sitting around doing nothing.
Right?
Right.
Now, I know some people who the government pays them to stay home and take their medicine.
How do I get in on that?
Just go in there and say you need some medicine.
They'll be glad to hook you right up.
That has never worked for me, and believe me, I've tried it.
Maybe I'm trying the wrong doctors.
You are, because you have to understand that America's based on money.
And somebody's going to make money off you getting a prescription for being crazy and staying home and getting another check.
America's based on money?
Yes.
I thought it was based on the love of country and freedom and...
And liberty and all that stuff.
Yeah, and liberty fries.
No, well, liberty fries are a very integral, important part of it.
And burgers.
Burgers.
Burgers are in there, too.
Apple pie.
Apple pie, too.
All the comestibles are involved, but the conglomerates control that, too.
That's why our diets were so bad when we were little in Texas.
It's their fault, even though we can blame Bob for it.
You can blame Bob and the conspiracy.
But you can't thank the conspiracy for very much.
You can thank it for us having something to hate.
I mean, where'd we be if it weren't for the conspiracy?
We'd just be...
Perfectly happy.
We'd be normal.
Everything would be regular.
No gritting your teeth, no slamming your hand against the driver's wheel,
screaming at the person in front of you and blaming Bob and the conspiracy for it.
And it is the conspiracy's fault that you grit your teeth and bang the wheel.
Isn't it?
It is.
Princess, we would know.
She's the one who does all the teeth gritting and wheel grabbing.
Because she's the designated driver most of the time.
Shout obscenities and pull out a Tech-9 and fire it in the air.
Only if I'm sitting in the passenger seat.
I throw invisible bombs at the other cars and imagine that they're blowing up.
Now, have you ever tried to use the secret mind death ray?
You strap that baby on the back of your head and you just like stare at the car that you want to blow up in front of you or to evaporate.
I like that.
You get those in Ohio?
Yeah.
They take a little bit longer than the ones from Texas.
Sometimes you have to wait a whole week.
You have to follow the guy.
I thought Texas and Florida were the only places where those were legal for civilians.
Well, they haven't made a law against them yet.
So the police can stop you and ask you if you have the invisible mind death ray and point the flashlight around the back of the car and stuff like that and go, you know, and check your license for a real long time.
And then that car just disappears, right?
It just makes them out of reality.
It's like a neutron.
It's like a neutron bomb thing.
The person is left there bare naked, but the car and the clothing and everything else is gone.
Uh-huh.
Dave, did I tell you that Princess Wee and I both got pulled over by the cops on our own street?
In fact, I got pulled over in my driveway.
She got pulled over for speeding.
Were you speeding in your driveway?
She was speeding out of the driveway and I was parking in the driveway, but I was doing it with a car that was out of registration.
And you know what?
When a car is out of registration, it's like the picture jumps all over the place and you see the frame lines and sometimes the sprocket holes.
It jumps right out of the gate sometimes.
So you were backing out and conveniently...
The county law was right behind me.
The man.
Yeah.
And he just turned on his...
He did not have to go to the coffee shop and try and think of what he was going to do today.
No.
No.
He didn't have to go very far.


No donuts for him.
Neither did I.
So I have to go get my car registered tomorrow and pay $100 or, you know, go to jail for...
Think of the old days when Dobbs would provide you with a car when anything would happen just like that.
Those were the real old days.
Everything changed after 9-11, man.
Man, where did he go after 9-11?
I'm not saying he was involved in any way, but there's a conspiracy theory.
If nobody's really seen him...
I mean, nobody's really seen him for a long time, but nobody's really, really seen him since 9-11.
Well, except the...
No, let's not go there.
That's not funny.
Wait a minute.
Is it funny yet?
It's been how many years?
That was 2001.
It's been eight years.
Can it be funny yet?
I don't know.
If we assume the aliens were involved, we can get out of whether it's funny or not.
People can make up their own minds whether it's funny or not.
Oh.
You know what this...
You know what I mean?
Like a free floater?
I don't even think the aliens are funny anymore.
I've been doing this too long.
Well, they haven't treated you very well, so I can see...
I think my neighbors are funny.
They could be aliens.
The aliens seem almost normal to me.
I can almost understand.
It's the humans shopping around me.
Yeah.
The great...
The great homo...
Those are the greys.
If you ask me,
the aliens...
The aliens are kind of greenish.
My neighbors are grey.
What did Mr. Sister said something about...
Cleveland is usually kind of grey in the 50s.
Much like most of its inhabitants.
Yeah, real funny.
Speaking of Cleveland inhabitants that are grey and in their 50s,
Harvey Pekar will be a speaker at Starwood this year.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
And they had me call him up to invite him.
And oddly enough, he recognized the Church of the Subgenius name.
And we have friends in common.
You should have told him you played bass for Bugs Bixby in 1942.
That's the thing, though.
See, I can't talk that jazz, that old-timey music stuff.
I'm not up on that.
And I wanted to say...
I wanted to say...
I think I got the first issue of your comic,
but I couldn't remember the name of American Splendor
right when I was talking to the guy.
So I didn't say it.
And here's the other thing.
Then I would have had to say,
but I don't think I have many of the other issues after the first one.
Which would be like what we hear all the time, Dave.
Where they go,
oh, yeah, our slack.
I used to listen to that when I was in high school, man.
And the guy who's saying it is 35 years old.
Has grey hair.
And looks 50.
Yeah.
And we go, it's still on.
And my back hurts.
You can still listen to it.
It'll be almost like high school.
What you're supposed to do is wipe away a tear and go,
oh, them were the days, kid.
Them were the days.
Who else is going to be at X-Day?
Priestess Pisces will be ranting at X-Day.
Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
The...
The...
The...
The...

Who's like the new Pope David and Meyer type preacher.
He will be at X-Day.
Will you be at X-Day, my friend?
Or will you pink out and go,
well, I'll just go next year.
I know it's only two hours away from Cleveland or wherever I live.
I know it's only a thousand,
a few thousand dollars worth of plane trips away from me,
but I'll go next year when the economy's better.
Friend,
this is going to...
There ain't going to be any more X-Day.
There's going to be no more X-Days if, if, if this is,
if this year happens to turn out to have been 1998.
We've got our toes crossed.
We've got our knuckles crossed.
And believe me, there's a lot of psychic energy
in making sure that this year things really get off the ground.
Andrew the Impaled will be at X-Day.
Andrew the Impaled is an actual sideshow marvel
who impales himself.
He sets himself on fire.
He breathes fire.
He eats glass.
He eats, yes, he eats light bulbs.
And I've, we, we went on tour with Andrew the Impaled
on Circus Apocalypse,
and not one show happened that somebody didn't faint
watching Andrew impale himself.
It's pretty painful to watch.
And Dr. Hal will be at X-Day.
Dr. Hal Robbins?
Dr. Hal Robbins, famous of the show,
the Puzzling Evidence Show and AskDrHal.com.
Will be there, ranting and answering.
And a file I can't make it.
Did I mention that Princess We Are Doe will be there?
You certainly did not.
Did I mention that Reverend Ramona Backitonup
and Sifu will be there?
Reverend Backitonup is the big boss of this area.
She sure is.
You know that.
Doc Frop and Sister Decadent.
The parents acted like they were gonna come.
We're just concentrating positively on that.
Yeah.
So it's gonna be, you know,
and I've gotten quite a few pre-registrations
from complete and utter strangers.
And they are pretty strange.
And I think we've managed to run off
most of the really obnoxious jerks over the years.
And we may get some new obnoxious jerks this year.
Sure, of course.
We were bound to.
There are rumors and speculation
that some of these obnoxious ne'er-do-wells,
these fidens...
I'm talking about the kind that aren't funny.
Obnoxious jerks that are funny, that's X Day.
That's Church of the Sub-Genius.
We roll on the red carpet.
Right.
But I'm talking about unfunny obnoxious jerks.
But the rumor is that some of these unfunny,
unregistered jerks are gonna be having their own anti-X Day,
perhaps a Y Day or some other letter-name thing.
And that they're going to be having anti-devivals,
anti-rants.
That's fine with me.
Well, I was just hoping they would go over
and beat the crap out of some of them.
They can do whatever the hell they want.
Let them anti-Sub-Genius all they want.
I'm tired of it.
Go and pick me up one of them pitchforks
and go on over there and whoop some hiney.
We'll be having hayrides.
I mean, this is...
This is a campground that used to be an apple farm or something.
Pre- and post-coital hayrides.
Right.
And there's a...
Well, we'll be doing the naked baptism
where we baptize everybody.
No frog watchers.
Pursuit shavings for those on the hairy side,
those who like to sleep on the left.
Right. Free shavings.
Free shavings.
Healings and sickenings of any...
She's pretty much any malaisement or maldemage you might have.
Oh, and there'll be the Buldada auction
where strange things of all kinds are auctioned off
for the good of the church.
The church of the sub-genius, friends.
That's the religion we're talking about
if you just tuned in and never heard of any of this stuff before.
It's the one true religion.
It doesn't rely on a stone edifice to create truth.
No.
It is, well, I don't know if it's true or not, but...
It doesn't matter if it's true or not.
In fact, it's not true.
We admit right up front that it's a bunch of hogwash,
which makes it the one true religion.
The only honest one.
The only one that's telling the truth.
It's the only one that's tipping the scales.
It's a bunch of hooey.
Yeah.
And it's Bob and it's Slack.
And that's why we have Slack,
is because it's a bunch of hooey.
And hogwash.
And bunkum.
BUNKUM, I tell you!
Where would we be without such bunkum?
This bunkum is no vice.
This bunkum is a virtue.
In the form of heroism, in the old classical way.
We look to a rather distant future where things kind of almost shut up.
Well, you know, Dave, I'm thinking that we have ten minutes left.
Ten minutes left in the show.
And there's a couple of lovely songs that I should play.
And a wonderful Suzy collage that should pump them up too.
Are they dirty enough?
Mmm...
Well, you...
You know, Suzy the floozy did them, so, you know, take it from there, Dave.
No, they're not dirty.
They're clean.
They're pure.
It's the pure...
It's Suzy the floozy.
It's filthy.
Pure flooze.
It's filth.
It's filth.
And if any good patriotic...
Patriotic...
Illiquid or bonsai native...
Any eluge or eskimos...
Please, please report to the third floor.
Because Suzy the floozy is filthy.
At subgenius.com.
Yes, you can experience the filth of Reverend Suzy the floozy.
Actually...
Listeners of WREK.org in Atlanta...
Those lucky listeners.
Can hear the weekly Bob Slacktime Funhouse show online.
And I would...
Can I strongly urge people to listen to another nonprofit station?
If it's nonprofit...
I don't know if that's...
I don't know if it...
You could say we support all nonprofit on college and alternative stations around the
country.
But that would be a lie.
Because we only support the ones that runs a genius program.
Well, so what's so difficult about lying?
If you've done it once, you can do it again.
That's only about 25 stations.
Now, there's probably several hundred college stations, but most of them are little imitation
conspiracy stations.
They're learning how to play classic rock in a drive time mode.
You know, that's what they teach kids these days.
That's what they teach them in school.
They don't teach them about evolution or creationism or where Bob came from.
They just teach them how to be little conspiracy FM DJs.
That's all they teach them in school nowadays.
And sex.
Rock it away to the ID.
All sex.
That's the other thing they teach them in school.
That's what I heard on the radio.
They teach them that?
No.
They teach them that the media is controlled by liberals.
That's all I've ever heard on the damn media.
As a matter of fact, every time I turn on the radio, that's all they're saying.
Well, then those guys that are saying that are the media.
Never mind.
Well, Dave, the point is I'm going to we're slowly working our way.
Well, maybe I don't need to cut you off.
I was going to read about castratos and eunuchs tonight, but I'm I decided not to.
I couldn't miss that.
You know, considering my condition.
Yeah, I didn't want to rub it in, so to speak.
Well, I could make like a thing in the background once in a while.
There was in in the movie Baron Munchausen.
There's a wonderful song called A Eunuch's Life is Hard that a folly the Sultan plays.
He has a special organ that it pokes prisoners when he hits the ground.
And when he hits each key, a different prisoner is poked with a sharp stick and screams at
a different pitch.
And he and he's written this opera called A Eunuch's Life is Hard, which is kind of
ironical, you know.
Although the point of my eunuch article that I was thinking about reading was that it's
not exactly that it grows back, but sometimes they can still do stuff.
Even if you remove the sack.
Well, because so much of it is in the mind, you know, it's the brain is the dirtiest,
filthiest organ, even filthier than Susie the floozy.
Your brain, anyone's brain is filthier than everything except Susie the floozy's brain.
As long as we can keep our brains from being castrated, then we can stay right in there,
so to speak.
Is that what you're saying?
I don't even know what I'm saying anymore.
But it doesn't really matter.
Chinese generals were unique eunuchs.
There must be something to this eunuchism.
Well, and also there is subgenius.com.
And that's where you can find out everything you need to know about Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
who has just called in.
Dave, you weren't playing.
Your band, the Mondo Retardo band, hasn't rehearsed in five years, so you're not going to be playing,
are you?
Not five, it's three.
But jamming may happen.
Well, I would hope so.
And yeah, everybody jams at Exeter.
I'll have to pouty this time.
Maybe that will work.
That's what the real big stars do.
That's the secret to success in Hollywood, acting pouty.
But we have to have the subgenius anthem.
And we can't have that without Dave.
So it's going to have to happen.
We need the antlers, too.
We need all the whole getup and everything.
Yeah, the antlers, right.
The horns, the tail.
The hooves.
The wings.
Don't forget the hooves.
Right.
Yep.
At least that's the way I'd like to do it.
I could be quiet now while you're playing Shoozy the Floozy as a Chinese.
Oh, do you want to just listen?
You want to just listen in the background here?
We'll pull down this wonderful music, which was wonderful.
My music, by the way.
I actually made that using stolen loops.
And you can see little music videos of those on my YouTube channel, Rev Stang.
Heh.
But here, speaking of the filthy Shoozy the Floozy, is the work of the filthy Shoozy the Floozy.
So we're living in a real crazy world, my friends.
We're living in a world where everyone is crying out for deliverance.
Now, many times you will see the people who are crying out for deliverance.
I remember the first president standing there in the Rose Garden with two of these smiling
men from the East on each side.
One has got a table cloth on his head, and he poses, they smile, and then they put the
newspaper, uh, peace.
I've got no problem with the peace treaties that they sign.
I have a problem with the people who sign the peace treaties.
Uh, that's reality.
George, you should be ashamed of yourself.
And how.
Recently, another 400 scientists, scholars, businessmen, and political leaders met in
Texas to ponder the problems of the world.
They said, it is a gloomy world indeed.
The energy crisis, famine, the financial problems of New York City, drug abuse, and other unrelated
problems are all portents of the present darkness.
And the Bible says, I am the God of hell fire, and I bring you fire.
Certain destruction cometh upon them, and they shall not escape.
That's what the Bible says here.
There shall be famine, pestilences, and different places.
And I don't have to tell you these things.
You know, if there ever is a time that Bible prophecy is confirmed right before our eyes
have met, places, pestilences, and things like that.
Yeah, now the boss says this is a very bad thing for the country.
See, because this contract starts after the war.
Now, the boss has got an idea with all this Nazi and Jap money that, uh, well, I haven't
got it quite straight, but anyway, the boss says it's a bad thing for the country.
So far, you've told me what I'm supposed to do.
Well, I'm going to tell you what the boss has found out.
What did you find out?
I don't need the terrorists.
Boy, you're hotter than a firecracker on the 5th of July.
Who is it?
All right.
Listen up, everyone.
I want you to calmly file towards the exit.
That's it.
That's it.
Nobody runs.
Just walk.
Single file.
That's it.
Now, if we just stay calm, no one's going to be harmed by the huge bomb that's going
to explode any minute.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.









Now, the world is getting out of hand.
Yes?
Excuse me.
I believe I left a pipe and, uh, some books.
Oh, they're right here.
This is my lucky pipe, and I didn't want to leave it behind.
I understand.
You're going away.
That's right.
I've got to start banking right now.
You're a blithering coward!
Big仔, F*** your ass up.
Is all the sire discussing my departure?
The fuck?
The secret won't keep for long, of course, but at present it is, I think, known only to us conspirators.
And we're not going to let you escape so easily.
But I must go. It cannot be helped.
You're lying.
Maybe he's not.
I know him. Look at his face. He's lying.
All right, Bob is my only hope. Back off and give him some room to think.
All right. This place is going up.
Well, if I'm going out, I'm going out happy.
Before we're all blown to bits, mind if I pull the underwear out of my crack?
The man's got to go comfortable.
All right, but that's it.
God, I hate that guy.
I don't believe it.
You want the truth or not?
Didn't the police mention it? Say anything about it?
Bob, no.
No?
What did he look like?
Looked like what?
He looked like a man, of course. What do you suppose?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yes, yes.
He looked like a man.
He's a queer bunny.
Nobody believes me.
Even my cobbler.
My colleagues wouldn't believe me.
Poor man. Poor man.
He's insane, that's what he is.
He believes it. He must be insane.
The fools. Can't they understand me?
Tell me something. Am I mad? Tell me.
X-Day is here. The mountains fall.
I cringe and hide.
I hide my head.
I never send in my 30 bucks.
My soul is filled with dread.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucership
to my subgenius home.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship
to my subgenius home.
I laughed at Bob.
Ah, woe is me.
I thirst for slack in vain.
Now he still grins and smokes his pipe.
I must have been insane.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucership
to my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship
to my subgenius home.
I saw the pinks and normals flee.
The dreadful heartless men of the world.
They were the first to harvest from the sky.
They perished like the melting snow.
Yet not a one knows why.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucership
to my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright saucership
to my subgenius home.
The towers of the proud did fall.
There was no shelter from that storm.
While far above subgeniuses watched
in comfort safe and warm.
It was a dream.
But then I woke the ruptured sun.







And I realized that it was just a dream.
And I thought,
Oh, Bob, I'm going to be a hero.
And I thought,
Oh, I'm going to be a hero.
I was a hero.

I am a hero.
I know my idols.
I am a hero.
I'm a hero.

I only represent it as a dream.
Irock commentator ...

the Dasby owned and established
Thisfang expects to be a genius.

¿Cómo 내가 un singer de mon genio?
y este ,
even my rebirth in the dark?
So, so, so, so, so.
