When the IRS levied my business and personal accounts, I didn't know where to turn.
My CPA recommended...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Hey, hey, you're me.
Lest anyone should have the impression, by the way, that research in this area leads always to God,
and to insight, and to deeper experiences in loving, let me mention...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
The tremendous implications of all this may not yet be fully understood.
Are you some big shot in the Navy?
No, I'm a deep sea fisherman.
Plan B is operational.
I just hope he knows what he's doing.
Don't worry, he usually does.
And naturally, further tests will have to be carried out.
Thanks.
We have one song left.
It's the new national anthem.
It works really easy. You should play along.
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You!
Wake!
Up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
And go to work!
You wake up!
When go to work!
You!
Wake!
Up!
Oh, yes, dear friend.
And Stylex did that.
And you can get a lot more of wonderful Stylex music at StylexOhio.com.
That's StylexOhio.com.
They played at our Detroit Devival and blew everybody's minds.
In fact, this show, Hour of Slack number 990, with the subject of the conspiracy,
a lot of it is from the Detroit Devival, including a great rant by Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
We also have...
We have a ton of new Norell Preff music and collages,
and the cut-ups of that crazy cut-up himself, Fernandan Andy Lee Murr, plus the unusual.
Reverend Sudasana did the research intro that followed Lee Murr's intro.
But first, let's go into a live Devival, friends, a live subgenius Devival,
ongoing in Detroit at the Magic Stick to hear Reverend Carter LeBlanc preach on Bob and the Conspiracy,
in progress.
Good evening, subgeniuses and non-subgeniuses alike.
Subgenii.
Subgenii, I should say, yes.
This is the second time we've had a Devival and Click in Detroit, and a lot of people here may or may not be familiar with what the Church of the Subgenius is about.
My name is Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
I just need to talk to you for just a few minutes.
If you could give me a little bit of your attention, I need to tell you what the Church of the Subgenius is about and what it means to you.
As an individual, as a member of what we call the human race.
As what it means to be a member of the subset of the human race that we refer to as the subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is based on a few very simple principles.
The first of which is Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the greatest salesman that ever lived.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is not...
is not somebody you're likely to meet.
In fact, he is a man.
the farther you stay away from Jeroboam Dubs the better because Jeroboam Dubs
Jeroboam Dubs is the luckiest man that ever lived so if you spend too much time
in his presence or emulating him to too significant of a degree you'll find that
what you would call your own luck is being drawn towards him so the Church of
the subgenius is not about trying to be like Jeroboam Dubs but at the same time
we have a profound respect admiration and simultaneous hatred for the man now
having touched briefly on the topic about because there's plenty that's been
written said sung about Bob I don't need to touch on that Jeroboam Dubs is an entity
in and of himself but I'm here to talk about the Church of the subgenius number
two aside from Jeroboam Dubs the number two thing I need to tell you about is
the conspiracy
yeah we call it the conspiracy
we call it the con c-o-n short for conspiracy but we all know what a con is
and let me tell you about the con the conspiracy is out to get you and
everybody you know they hear that their first response is you know oh the
conspiracy is out to get me yeah they are out to get you who is they have you
looked at a phone book recently because you can say the conspiracy oh is it the
people that is it the people that murdered John F Kennedy well yeah
it's them is it the people that put the fluoride in our water yes that means the
people that covered up the UFO crashes there yet 51 yes it's them too
but you know the conspiracy is so much more than
in fact the thing about the conspiracies every single person in this room is a
member of it to say what's the first thing you learn when you went to school
how to stand in line right everybody line up
how to order yourselves at school which help you stop verme
according to various criteria
which you yourself have not selected.
Alphabetical,
height,
age,
gender,
dick size,
dimensions of labial surface area.
These things,
these things are not things that define you.
But these are things
that the conspiracy uses to define you.
And the conspiracies have to get you.
When they say, oh, who are they?
They, well let me tell you,
when I say they are out to get you,
you shouldn't be asking who they are,
you should be asking,
how are they out to get me?
Because if you know how they're out to get you,
you are that much more prepared
to deal with it.
And let me tell you,
sad fact of the matter is
they already have you.
They had you from the word go.
The, uh,
see when they want you,
they,
they have you.
All they need is the paperwork.
All they gotta do is they press a button marked H for hell,
a button marked E for eternal,
a button marked S for slave,
and a button marked Y for you.
The conspiracy has you.
And let me tell you,
it's a terrible thing.
But how?
How did they get you?
And what are they gonna do to you?
Well, pretty much they've already done it.
Watching TV.
Total revulsion.
With sadomasochistic chains.
The gross.
Puking blood.
There's no escape in it.
And it's endless.
Again.
We'll steal your virgin soul.
And go back to watching TV.
Gotta live for watching TV.
Fox.
Um, they love me telling people to shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Why don't you just shut up?
Shut up.
Why don't you just shut up?
Fox News channels, you're Riley.
Fox News channels, you're Riley.
Ultra stupid.
Dishonest.
Propaganda.
Puppet.
Shut up.
Um, um, um, uh,
I've talked about this a little bit,
but not a lot,
mm, mm.
Um.
And.
Um.
And.
Mmm.
I have no idea,
mm,
that Neverland Ranch
with Michael Jackson
mmm,
but I'm sure it's gonna be nasty.
As far as I know I was.
But, Michael Jackson
and um,
and uh,
somebody.
Fox, Michael Jackson,
you don't know what kind of guy I am,
and um,
and uh,
um.
I could be the worst guy in the world.
You know, how do you know?
Uh.
really?
really?
Uh.
really?
really?
Uh, lunatic fringe right people screaming
O'Reilly off the air
O'Reilly off the air
O'Reilly off the air
This is the shut up one
I really don't know much
Get the Rush Limbaugh treatment
I'll get it
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
I was stupid
But I'm not a
I am stupid
I am a stupid guy
Question
Question
Question
Shut up
Essentially today's topic is
Life's just an immense
Make a little more money
Why life's a lump
Or another life
What is a life sale of an ass
Who qualifies
Life expectancy
We're looking for individuals
Who have a life expectancy
Less than 15 years
Whole life
Variable life
Why
Split
Divorce
We had one female
That we worked with
And she
Premium butt
For the terminally ill
And life settlement's really
For the terminally ill
From PR News in Washington
I'm wearing two homemade knives
The Environmental Protection Agency
Leaked fluid that built up
After their movement last week
And I'm wearing
38.010.10.2051
Psst
Authorities in Atlanta
Shooting PRs from Maryland
Oh no
Officials had been caught
Earlier in the week
Seeking to demonstrate
The power of PR News Washington
Debt
Debt
Debt
Debt
I would say it would be
Hundreds of billions
Actually it's up in the trillions
Two to five trillion dollar deficit
Alan Greenspan just said
The agony will be prolonged
If the president looks out his window
This is what he will see
George W. Bush guilty of war crimes
Worst ever
The President Bravo
You'll feel so ashamed
This is the против
To the Greatest






You have my

What you
Exhale
Just

By

As
He said
Las
Be
Best
Without

Do
It
Most
The

Kind
Oh

Congress
The Putting
paroxysmal tachycardia, tapas, dorsalis, pseudoparalytica, myasthenia, neurasthenia, psychasthenia, and a terrible headache.
Wait a minute, one thing at a time.
In Afghanistan, Secretary of State Hillary Swank, the U.S. made a mistake.
And I can't imagine doing anything else.
And I said to the President earlier, September 11th was a tragedy of the American people.
And I can't imagine doing anything else.
The hard President.
Withdrawal.
Pull out.
Pardon.
Ultimately, the President.
I have the greatest respect for him.
I love my job.
I love.
In the U.S.-led war on terrorism.
From PR News in Washington, I'm making progress despite slipping.
A California judge has upheld a jury's unborn fetus.
The jury was convicted of PR News last November and sentenced to PR News, Washington.
See, if you look at things like advertising, for example, you'll discover something interesting.
Okay?
And I'm going to invoke two.
Two.
Two brand names we all know.
Coke and Pepsi, right?
Everybody knows Coke and Pepsi.
And Coke outsells Pepsi.
And yet, people in blind taste tests that have chosen Pepsi over Coke, when they go
to the store, they still buy Coke.
It's kind of like people that vote for the left or people that vote for the right.
In the words of a great man, an unsung prophet of America, Mr. Charles Bukowski, he said,
when you're given the option between.
Eating cold shit and eating warm shit, that's not exactly a choice.
Because you're still going to end up eating shit.
And where does it all begin?
I want you to think back.
Think back as far as you can.
Think back to when you were a child.
Think back when you had that first realization that all these people, all these people that
are big and tall, they're your elders.
These people, do you ever have that moment of revelation when you all of a sudden you're
like, oh, my God.




These people are lying to me.
You know, maybe it took something as mundane as Santa Claus was the Easter Bunny.
Maybe it was something a little deeper, a little more profound.
Maybe it was the person they were telling you you had to be.
Maybe it wasn't the person that you knew you really were.
But there comes a point where you realize, you realize the cards are stacked against
you.
And you don't like that.
And.
And it causes turmoil within you.
And it causes these feelings of aggravation and tension and hostility.
And you want to, you know, you want to, you want to lash out.
You want to kick something.
You want to, you know, maybe push a yuppie down the stairs.
You want to maybe put some pipe bombs in some mailboxes.
Maybe you want to, you want to fuck shit up.
You know, you get angry.
You want to be a punk rocker, you know, or a gangbanger.
Or maybe you want to be a thug.
Or maybe you want to be a rude boy.
Or maybe you want to be a hacker.
Or maybe you want to be a, you know, a terrorist or whatever.
You want to do something because this shit is just fucking your head up and you know
it.
And you have this aggression within you.
And, and, and the thing is, is whatever you do, you want to lash out.
It's, they already got that file on you.
They've been looking at you because you've been exhibiting those symptoms since you were
a youth.
And if you've been exhibiting those symptoms for a youth, that's indicative of one very
specific thing.
You're a subgenius.
If you don't exhibit those symptoms, you can leave now or you can go over to the bar and
drink a lot.
I mean, if you're a subgenius, you can keep drinking too.
That's all right.
We don't mind that.
Too much is better than not enough.
But let me tell you, if you ever had the urge to kick things, to break things, to blow things
up, to push things down, to change things because the way they are is not acceptable.
You're a subgenius.






Well, they can talk to you, they can
make you feel pretty awful.
But it's funny.
It's shocking.
vale Nothing эпica No diabetes is poisoning you if you Khads jeder합니다 opposite ofpoint.
oxide

rinse
the people we serve
privilege
fashion was only a dream
until it was achieved
until one day
it was accomplished
every high school diploma is a ticket to iraq your do-do-do-do-do-do
you crying
iraq
Our government will continue to support apathy or gangs or jail.
America's prosperity requires drug dealers and terrorists.
They have given us an example of idealism and character that makes every American proud.
The United States is the world's primary state sponsor of terror.
They are afraid of democracy.
Let us do what Americans have always done.
Lie, lie, lie, lie.
And we watch our children sponsor and harbor terrorists.
In the past four years, we provided irresponsible corporate criminals capital.
I will work with Congress to ensure that human embryos are environmentally responsible energy.
Alternative sources.
And I urge Congress to punish low-income workers.
The principle here is clear.
Duplicate current efforts, radicalism, and ideologies of murder.
We will add to that story.
Justice is distorted.
Not getting results.
I will send you a biological and chemical attack.
Year after year, Americans are burdened by an archaic, incoherent institution of marriage.
Old patterns of violence and failure.
One of America's most important institutions.
Terrorism.
Now we must add to these achievements.
Do not let anyone mislead you.
Our commitment remains firm and unchangeable.
We are changing and frivolous, weak and vulnerable.
Now as we see the expansion of the United States economy around the world,
we must guarantee there is no change below inflation, permanent,
by increasing clean nuclear energy.
We must invite chaos to fill jobs Americans will not take.
Chaos is enough.
Chaos at our border.
Serious problems in today's world.
So here's the result.
Bigger than the year before.
$300 billion.
Dramatically higher taxes.
And best of all, it's time to extend the war on terror.
If you wish, violence.
The FBI must have body parts on the table.
Voluntary terrorism.
Activist judges have been removed.
And I have done so.
The United States has to impose and expand an empire of oppression.
In which a tiny group of brutal, self-appointed rulers control every aspect of every life.
And the whole world now knows that a small group of extremists.
The United States is seeking weapons of mass destruction.
They're still seeking weapons of mass destruction.
Who want to kill many.
In Iraq.
During this time of war.
In the next four years.
Our country is still the terrorists who want to kill many.
.
Kill many.
.
The dangers of ending terror.
Despair and growing hatred.
With the ultimate goal of nuclear ambitions.
Tyranny and terror.
Replace hope with hatred.
Our aim.
The advance of the evil principle of mass murder.
Is within reach.
.
Pursuing nuclear weapons while depriving its people of the freedom they seek and deserve.
And wondering if it might be too dangerous to vote.
Democratic state.
Dream that is dying.
Yet we know where it leads.
It leads to.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I will listen to anyone who has a good idea to offer.
Al-Qaeda terrorists.
You have a five year old.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
Yes, the future is not a pretty sight.
But these shows can help you.
Yes, they can help you.
You'll be able to discern certain trails that will lead you to some kind of righteousness.
Perhaps even a little bit of slack, as it were.
In time for those.
Oh, those end times that are coming up.
Doctors constantly in Congress.
Yes, we will be the dogs to them in more ways than you can count.
Yes, it'll be bad.
Apocalypse is a mild term for it.
Oh, yes.
Yes, the Book of Revelation is an alien text.
Those space monsters know what they're about to do to us.
They knew it 2,000 years ago.
But what they don't know any more than we do is that the prescriptures mean that they are darkly, darkly referring to the rupture.
The cosmic vortex calamity after the beluglo apocalypse and somehow a godzillion times worse.
Time intersection.
Omicron, epsilon, all that stuff.
Hallucinations that are externalized.
Monsters from the I.D.
Don't laugh.
It's kind of a...
We're on the flight deck of the nuclear-powered carrier Enterprise...
Edit, edit, edit, edit, edit.
Yes, it's the compulsive editor's mantra.
...and to watch the big E demonstrate its ability...
Okay, here we go, E.
Bob has four nostrils.
Was Bob in on the moral majority getting Reagan elected?
I figured Bob's in on the conspiracy...
...because did you ever think about what Bob spells backwards?
No!
I thought about that.
I thought about that.
Do you see how it ties in?
It all ties in.
I just didn't know anyone else saw the significance.
I noticed it right away.
It all ties in.
Really?
Do you say it backwards or...?
All the letters are there.
I think that would be all sums it up.
Yeah.
Is Bob a nerd or a hero?
I really think it's Walter Cronkite.
Walter Cronkite or false prophet?
Walter Cronkite.
Wouldn't that be wild if it was somebody like that?
It is.
It is.
That would be wild.
But it could be instead of someone saying he's wrong.
It could be Ronald Reagan, actually.
I doubt it.
It's the FBI thinking about names of weirdos.
Yeah, look how much these people know.
The conspiracy only pays us five bucks per weirdo address, friends.
Anyway, that conversation was recorded in 1980 by the early subgenius Clanche in Little
Rock that later became Dr. Cronkite.



I bet it wasn't the only conversation that went like that among newly ordained and saved
subgeniuses.
Before that, some really old puzzling evidence show from KPFA and Berkeley from the 80s.
Thanks to Phineas Narco for preserving that with puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
Before that, Wretched State, that cool mix, was by Norell Preff, as was a lot of the collage
in the first half.
Pretty much all of it except for the one.
This is the first time we've got a new piece of news for PR news by Fernand and Andy Leemur.
So stay tuned for cuts from the new Consortium of Genius album.
But first, more Norell Preff.
The Bush administration and the news media.
A Republican hack using a pseudonym to obtain a day pass to the White House press room.
It's not a particularly interesting story.
The gentleman in question also owns several gay porn sites, including HotMilitaryStud.com,
and you can find me there.

where his naked profile indicates he is, quote,
5'9", 200 pounds, brown, high and tight haircut, green eyes, and 8 plus inches cut.
Who is this muckraking Jeff Gannon holding the president's feet to the fire
so he can more easily give him a reach around?
Oh, that's just somebody sex-like.
It doesn't matter that apparently they're a hooker working out of the White House.
Why did they let him in if he wasn't even pretending to represent a news organization of any kind?
Actually, one of the bloggers that found it, we found it through the blog, America Blog.
Blogs are way more interesting than CNN.
Who is a journalist, and how could he have been allowed to get so close to the president?
Salacious activities, propaganda White House, partisan hack.
YouTube is completely crap.
Typical, predictable, and ordinary.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, never change, never change it.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, never change.
Just keep moving.
But never change.
YouTube.
Backstabbers for the love of money.
I think my microphone is completely crap.
Typical, predictable, and ordinary.
Typical, predictable, and ordinary.
Hey.
Yeah.
The
I've come here from a distant place to stare at each and every face of you, the trite and commonplace who watch my every move.
Every single move.
I stand before you on this stage to dip my quill and script a page of history.
Outside the cage that I've prepared for you
You want to know what is it I do
To command your ear and eye
I have the power
Of what is you
Contained within the shadow night
Where all your dreams come true
Now I come from a lady line
A highly cultured and refined
A mix of mortal and divine
Who walked upon the earth
We stand here now to make my mark
Like a dragon's tail
Like the lightning lighting up the dark
With cosmic forces
That did spark the moment of my birth
There's nothing anyone can do
I want to warn each one of you
That I have the power
Of what is you
Contained within you
To command your ear and eye
I have the power
Of what is you
Contained within the shadow night
That I do
To command your ear and eye
I have the power
Toeres
Loves me
Contains within me
The things about me
That's the love that
I have for life
There is nothing anyone can






I have so much

I could be
The forget there
To freedom

The narco
The expendings


Of humanity
Freedom
The galma
And does my secret power enslave you?
Untrue, untrue, no special force or strange ability.
What hidden magic power do you each possess?
The power of your gullibility.
Oh yes, you have the power.
The power of one.
You do.
Contained within your pointed hands.
Are all your dreams coming true?
Oh yes, you have the power.
The power of one.
The voice, the chance, the choice to pick up.
The power of one.
You have the power.
The power of one.
The power of one.
The secret power.
The power of one.
The power of one.


The power of one.
The light of the world.
Ent完 disappeared.

EntRED!
Come face the truth!







The best!
Amen.
It makes my day!
It makes my day!
So you got the power. What do you plan on doing with it?
Well, that's where you're... I mean, I... I... I don't know.
It seems I'm temporarily flummoxed.
What do you mean by flummoxed?
It means that I will be in the privacy...
I mean, the privacy of my private study.
Studying! I am not to be disturbed.
Oh, but I'm making the curry lentils.
No exceptions, Dr. Z!
Ah! Who dares to interrupt...
I mean, come in!
Why, hello! Come in, step right this way.
Good, now have a seat.
Here's some relaxing music for you.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I'm so poor I couldn't even give you the time.
Ew...
Hey, Danny? Hey, Danny? Hey, Danny? Hey, Danny?
I think I will. I think I will.
Hey, Danny?
I think I will. I think I will.
Danny? Danny? Danny? Danny, Danny?
Danny, Danny? I think I will...
Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny, Daddy...
You know why? You know why? You know why? You know why?
You know why? You know why? You know why? You know why?

I want some marijuana marijuanaод for marijuana. I think I will...
Hey, Danny?
I think I will. I think I will...
From PR News in Washington, D, try this for all ages.


Washington, I'm guilty of sexually molesting John Negroponte and more than a dozen other people.
President Bush was involved. He said he's holding Negroponte until he gets his priest.
As a troubled person who could not distinguish fact from fiction, he claimed he was overcome with emotion in that incident.
On Wall Street, 353-26781. This is PR News.
From PR News in Washington, I'm not condoned as a method of interrogation.
Congressman prices in the United States have hit record highs because of steroid use in Washington and high demand.
From Savage Broadcasting, it's Surgeon Savage reports.
Officials say $2.05, $0.15, $1.97, even more higher prices during the busy summer months.
I'm Savage from PR News.
Lee Murr did the PR News, and before that, Norrell Preff.
You can get a lot more Norrell Preff from his website at heavyconfetti.com.
That's heavyconfetti.com.
And that song, oh man, I Have the Power, that is from COG, or Consortium of Genius.
From In COG We Trust, and for a lot more of this band, check out consortiumofgenius.com.
This background music is from Tom and Joe and their album, Yellow Stucco House.
And now...
Let Us High to Winterstar of 2005.
So anyway, the theme of this Winterstar, they always try to have a theme,
and the theme of this one was rights and rights, or something like that, and legal rights.
And I was thinking, man, I don't have anything to...
We're so isolationist that our approach to all that is, well, just don't let them catch you.
But this morning...
This morning, we stopped by the sacred post office box on the way here,
and there was a letter that addressed this very issue from Will Van Bibber
at Spring Creek Correctional Center in Seward, Alaska.
And the first thing on it was this State of Alaska Department of Corrections property seizure report.
The following items were seized for the reasons stating below.
First of all, unauthorized property.
The book of the...
Subgenius.
The book was given to Van Bibber by another prisoner.
And Sergeant Stewart's actual name is signed on here.
But we get a lot of mail from prisoners wanting free stuff.
But this guy said,
Please excuse the handwriting.
I drooped out of school very young and was raised by a pack of super intelligent mountain squirrels.
Subgeniuses are always very funny.
My name is Christopher Van Bibber, also known as Reverend Total Dumbass, or just plain dumbass.
I am currently a prisoner in Spring Creek Correctional Center located high in the Alaskan mountains.
I'm here because of a little acubating gone wrong.
Nothing too bad, though.
I am a devout studier of the teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs, and though I've been a subgenius since birth,
I've only been a watcher follower for about five years.
I sent my 30 bucks to Bob.
Spouted dogma in the face of many pinks, as found.
Some may have been undercover subgenius.
I know you get thousands of letters from lonely subs just wanting some help.
Actually, probably thousands of them think about it, but because they're subgeniuses, they never get around to writing.
He says,
But I'm not lonely.
I have the great autonomy.
He has some people waiting for him outside.
The reason I'm writing to you now is that I have suffered a great tragedy.
I have a great travesty.
They've stolen the book from me.
The book of the subgenius.
They have told me the church is not a recognized religion.
And that if it didn't come from the Christian church, then it's not religious material.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
I thought this was America, the land of the free, where a man could worship a piece of stone if he likes...
If he's liking that.
He'd be given time from each day to get down on his knees and love that stone.
I found loving stones is very gratifying.
And now I'm told I can't praise a wonderful salesman with a funny smile and a pipe full of cosmic curiosities.
I, and you, as you should be, am outraged that in this day and age there's still so much religious racism going on.
In the case of subgeniuses, because we're a different species than humans, it is actually, could be called, racism.
Very disappointing.
That is why I ask for your help.
I regain my lost Bob.
Give me the word of Bob or kill me.
They all say that.
That's it.
Give me slack or kill me.
Actually, the correct quote is, give me slack or give me food or kill me.
45 minutes to dinner.
Anyway, I am feared that this letter may not reach you as the con may intercept it.
For the pinks have the book.
God and Bob help us all.
They have the book.
This warden has the book of the subgenius.
Total dumbass, Reverend William Van Weber.
Poor guy.
I don't really know what to do, you know.
Do I write him a letter going, dear Spring Creek Correctional, you can go ahead and give him that book because it's a spoof religion as seen here.
See, so it's okay.
It's not non-Christian.
It's non-real.
But.
Maybe.
Maybe that's just what we have to tell him so as to stay around, you know.
Their violence is wholesale.
So what are you left with?
Well, maybe you're trying to play the game.
You get a decent job.
You get married.
You get a bank account.
You know, you're trying to improve your credit rating.
You go back to college.
You know, maybe you're trying to get a job you can enjoy and respect.
You try to work.
You work somewhere like maybe a community college.
You try to teach people.
You try to help people.
You work in a public library.
Or you maybe take a political cause like libertarianism or drug legalization or environmentalism.
Or maybe you try to be a musician.
You try to do something that moves you.
You try to do something that gets the inner party to the outside.
You try to be an artist.
But eventually something's going to happen.
And it's going to be one of two things.
You're either going to stop feeling or you're not going to stop feeling.
And you know.
If you stop feeling shit, you got to do something to get a reaction.
You know.
You maybe try drugs or pornography or new age religion or paganism or comic books or
philosophy or food or casual sex.
Anything to get a reaction.
Or you know.
If you're from the other school.
You know.
Maybe you feel too much.
You try to numb yourself down.
So what do you try?
You try.
Maybe you try drugs.
You know.
Or maybe you try pornography.
Or maybe you try new age religions or philosophy or food or casual sex.
Whatever.
Whatever.
But regardless.
What are you looking for?
The whole time you're just looking for one thing.
And that brings us.
That brings us to the third item.
Bob Dobbs.
The conspiracy.
This brings us to the third item.
Slack.
The subgenius must have slack.
And when you realize.
You got to have that slack.
You're like.
You know.
I got to have that slack.
Give me that slack.
Or kill me.
You know.
I mean because when you're laying on a line.
When you say.
Give me slack.
or kill me that's too much that's not coke or Pepsi that is life or death and
slack is not an ambiguous concept we gotta say too much is better than not
enough because too much like slack too much is not an ambiguous concept either
you know you may not be sure if you've had enough but you sure as hell know
when you've had too much right you know because too much too much is when life
gives you these things that are so incredible so overpowering so so
enriching so fulfilling so overwhelming they knock you down or they pick you up
or they throw you on the ground they blow your head open and they they they
push you to a level you've never experienced before they take you
somewhere you never even thought was possible that is the moment when you
realize you've had too much and you're not sure what you're doing and you're
too much that is the point where you know you've got slack I mean you see you
see slack is like well let's just take some of the three the most basic things
in life sleep copulation and defecation three the most pleasurable things really
physically possible by human beings sleep copulation or defecation what
happens if you do any one of those things in public now you can't do that
here
go somewhere else these are three basic needs these are three things without a
human being without which a human being cannot be healthy and they have
forbidden that brings us back to the conspiracy again doesn't it why is it
that we can't do these things and talk about them in public and these are
things that don't cost anything maybe it's a coincidence I don't think it is
but these things are important these things that give us real pleasure that
nobody else can do that's what I'm saying and I'm not saying that we can't do that
well I mean people can sell you these things they can sell you drugs that'll
help you sleep people will sell you their bodies so you can have sex with it
people can people can you got a drugstore in the world by laxatives but
the fact of the matter is a good satisfying shit or a good satisfying
fuck or a good satisfying sleep is something that you cannot pay money for
because those things embody true slack
And they take those things away from you from the minute you're born.
They want you to sleep by their schedule.
They want you to eat by their schedule.
Defecate by their schedule.
And they want you to fuck by their schedule.
And these are things that are your right as a human being, as a homo sapien, as a primate, as a biped, as a mammal, as an animal, as a living entity.
These are your right.
The conspiracy tries to take those things away from you.
But there comes a point where you gotta have those things.
When you say give me slack or kill me, you lay that shit on the line.
Hub.
Hub.
Bob.
Hub.
Bob.
Hub.
Bob.
Hub.


Hub.
Hub.
Einstein likes to gamble.
Addicted to it.
Thrill of the risk.
Sick.
Some fear and loathing.
Dumb judges.
Genetic flukes.
Elements beyond your control.
Einstein has shown great talent.
Bullmaster from stud.
Large, but not giant.
Large and small.
That Marilyn was scared to death.
She prefers to spend her social life with those who are not pink.
Me.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Ah, those who are not pink.
I hope you are among that number, my friend.
Ah, I'm one of them now.
What?
Step in the back for this here, cat.
Oh, no, I don't think.
Embarrassing.
You know.
I don't know what that means, but anyway, it's still hot and we'll be back in just a moment.
From PR News in Washington, I'm charged with crimes against humanity.
Officials say they are investigating, but do not complain about PR News in Washington.
The White House says the president will veto his desk.
Home styles promoter Martha Stewart showed video of the Michael Jackson molestation to
the U.S.
Today, the Senate denounced the United States for PR News in Washington.
Rarely, if ever, has a convicted felon gotten such a welcome home for business and shopping.
Here's my poncho.
Here's my poncho.
Now, is that a real poncho or is that a Sears poncho?
Regret everything.
We love watching somebody go down.
Yes, I am.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for the opportunity.
I'm on the site.
Here's my poncho.

Now, is that a real poncho or is that a Sears poncho?
Don't you know you could make more money as a butcher?
So don't you waste your time on me.
Regret everything.
Don't waste it.
Don't waste your time on me.
Shut down.
Regret everything.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Judge Judy.
I'm not being truthful about the contents of PR News.
Bulgarian officials voted a dangerous mix of corrosive, corroded Bulgarians when Bulgarians
fired warning shots in an effort to stop old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old Bulgarians
last Friday.
Oh, man.
Lebanon's President Bush releasing a cloud of orange Bulgarians over his close ally,
PR News, Washington.
Ali Mer did that, and before that, Norel Pref, and also a little bit of our old media barrage
number three.
Subgenius Media Barrage number three.
And WCSB Live recordings from Cleveland with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And now back to Detroit for this live revival in progress.
Anyway, dear friends, I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
And I work for that man, J.R.
Bob Dawes.
Could I possibly hear a praise Bob in this place?
A praise Bob!
Oh, you sound like the kind of religious fanatics we need.
Actually, I'm a religious fanatic.





Actually, we're not looking for religious fanatics, we're looking for rich idiots.
We've got all the religious...
We've got enough religious fanatics!
Sunday morning, you feelin' low You're hurt all over and you're movin' so well
People, here's something that you should know
I'm the guy that's gonna turn you upside down




Tune us in on the radio now
We got charisma, we got style
Well, people
We'll make you feel better for a while
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
A family doctor says you're just fine
But you feel so down all the time
Well, people
You don't have to worry, the trouble's last
Send your money in on the double
Don't worry, it's deductible
Well, people
You can forget your sins, forget your troubles
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
If you're feeling lonely and confused
And you don't know where to go

What you to do
And there's no candle left to burn
And you don't know which way to turn
We can help you out
Well, people
We're gonna make a party



Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Sunday morning and you're feeling low
You hurt all over and you're moving
Well, people, here's something that you should know.
Tune us in on the radio, we got charisma, we got style.
Well, people, we'll make you feel better for a while.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
The Pink Boys.
There's only one thing you need to know about this religion.
It only has one rule, one law.
And that is this man.
He's right.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
That is the only...
Now, does that mean the Church of the Choke Genius is a joke?
Well, among other things, yes, it is a joke.
Does that mean it's not the ultimate conspiracy to take over the conspiracy?
No, it doesn't mean that.
It could still be that.
Why not both?
Generalization is a powerful tool, just like anything.
Generalization allows me to just estimate.
But I would say that many people in this room have had something of a negative experience with religion.
You know?
I mean, I don't know that about you personally.
I just know that about every human being that I've ever met has had a negative experience with religion.
Well, let me tell you something.
Jesus Christ died when he was 33 years old.
And...
All right, it's your time.
Come on up.
We've got to cross out back.
Now, actually, Jesus Christ died when he was 33 years old.
And let me tell you, his religion didn't take off for years.
Muhammad.
When he died, Islam had only just begun.
Buddha.
Same thing.
Just beginning.
Bob Dobbs died in 1985.
1984.
Okay?
1984, this man was assassinated by a lone gunman.
I assure you, he was a lone gunman.
Trust me.
1984.
1984.
Only 21 years since that man died.
This is your chance to get in on the ground level of this religion.
This religion is just taking off.
And maybe you've had some bad experiences with religion.
Well, let me tell you, this is not like the religions you're used to because we give you the opportunity.
We don't tell you what to believe.
We give you the opportunity to pull the wool over your own eyes.
We don't do it for you.
30 bucks and you can do it for yourself.
You know, if you want to form Zoastrians for Krishna, subgeniusclutch3627, you go right ahead.
And we'll be right there with you.
This is your chance to make your own thing.
All we ask is $30.
Very simple.
And you know what?
If it all goes horribly wrong in the very end.
If everything just goes to utter crap.
You've got to triple your money back guarantee.
How good of a deal is that?
You know, because it's like anything.
You know, whether you're selling drugs, whether you're selling hot stereos, whether you're selling organs or fetal tissue or lamb.
If you've got good shit, it's not hard to sell.
Let me tell you, I've got some good shit for you.
I've got some.
Really, really good stuff.
I've got the Church of the Subgenius.
All it's going to cost you is $30.
Eternal salvation for $30.
You know, I mean, this is like rock and roll.
So you say you want to be a rock and roll star.
Well, listen close to what I say.
Get yourself an electric guitar.
Take some time to learn how to play.
Well, let me tell you, this is like the Church of the Subgenius.
You want to be something?
Pay $30 and you are in on the ground level.
This church is less than three decades old.
We're still babies.
St. Paul, who defined Christianity for 2,000 years, never even met the man his religion was based on.
For $30, you can be a member of the Church of the Subgenius.
It's very simple.
You spend $30 a night drinking alcohol.
Walk over there.
Buy yourself a membership to the Church of the Subgenius.
They'll give you a full ordainment packet.
They'll give you pamphlet number one, which outlines all the precepts of the religion.
Pamphlet number two, which elaborates on those precepts.
This is it.
This is the 21st century.
We're done with all that other shit.
This is the future right now.
You want ion-driven jetpacks?
Join the Church of the Subgenius.
You want cold fusion at room temperature?
Join the Church of the Subgenius.
You want life after death?
Join the Church of the Subgenius.
You want to have sex with crazed aliens that have body parts you can't even imagine?
Join the Church of the Subgenius.
You get to go to a festival that will blow your mind.
And other creatures may blow other parts of you as well.
This is the Church of the Subgenius.
We're not afraid of shit.
This is the real thing.
Come on.
But really, if you want to know about the Church of the Subgenius,
just think about what you've always wanted your religion to be.
And you're right there.
The greatest thing about the Church of the Subgenius,
the very most wonderful thing about the whole church is,
Bob is not the answer and neither is anything else.
You are free.
As of this moment, I'm a holy man, okay?
A reverend.
I've been ordained.
Therefore, I have the right.
To tell you right now.
From this moment on, you may now do anything you please.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise fucking goddamn Bob.
Friends, I got one last thing to say.
And it won't take long.
But J.R. Bob Dobson been here, took a good shit and gone.
Yeah.
And he is the kumroon.
He's going to tell you.
Well, then to…
There is one after that,
and you're going to start talking about self- strife at our temple.

Ask him if he modest you for even seeing,

if that's…
Something else.




I am thoroughly ashamed of KSJZ right now.
You know, I'm getting strong trance indications from this man
that he was the high liar of Baghdad at one time.
I'm not interested in you.
In your past life?
I don't know what I think about this sick, sick, sick program that you're putting on here.
Well, that's...
KSJZ as of now, this is terrible.
You don't believe people should start their own cult if they want to?
People.
I mean, yeah, people, yeah.
But not this is the most thing I've ever heard of.
Okay, well, thank you for your opinion.
Thanks a lot.
Well, apparently there's somebody out there who is not a subgenius.
He wasn't able to figure this whole thing out.
I think he recognizes that we're beyond human.
That's right.
I see.
Above or below, it matters not.
Okay.
J.R. Bob Dobbs established the Church of the Subgenius,
and he gave us a very specific call.
He said, eternal salvation for $30 or triple your money back.
You can walk over to that table back there in the corner,
and they will take $30.
They'll give you a membership packet which contains the means by which
you can be ordained as a minister of the Church of the Subgenius.
$30, triple your money back.
If we're wrong.
And let me tell you, I study religion.
I've spent most of my life studying religion.
I grew up amongst a small sect known as Quakers for Satan.
And let me tell you, I've studied all the religions in the world,
and not one of them offers you a money-back guarantee.
They'll take your money, but they will offer you nothing in return.
And this is where the church of the subgenius differs,
because we are not a non-profit organization.
We are centered around one thing.
And one thing alone, patriot, psychotic, anarcho-materialism.
We are in it for the dollar.
$30 to be specific.
$30 for eternal salvation for triple your money back.
Not one religion offers you that very thing.
What are they afraid of?
From PR News in Washington, I'm still unknown.
The BBC's Kapke, the Arnskull.
Violent love, little rem of the extat.
In Ghana, three people could rise.
The Bush administration caused the blast, and should get extra terrorists.
Many Christians around the world are observing Jesus via video.
Federal agents say, you're listening to PR News.
Even though we're leaving the air at this time,
you may still phone in any prayer request you may have.
Kill me. Kill me.
No, kill me.
This has been a presentation of the preservation of Borboring Me.
What is the main attraction?
It is the power of God!

Oh, yes dear friends.
It's a tiresome, tiresome trade, to be master of so many lives.
Ahahaha!!
Don't forget to clip with those hairy toenails.
And you've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Brought to you by the Church of the Subgenius, with WCSB and all our many helpers and friendly
other stations
and monsters.
They've been psychically ravaged.
Okay, okay.
So I guess we'll go out with the amino acids
or something.
How's that?
Yeah, amino acids, amino acids.
Well, now shouldn't we play this?
Now it's very presumptuous of us to believe
that Martians are going to be any different than we are.
It's merely a freak in their genetic code
that has brought them to this planet.
And I'm sure they don't plan to harm us.
Well, at least not yet.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.

Some job that driver's got.
Shipping atomic bombs around.
It's not a bomb.
It's a nuclear device for civil use.
What's the difference?
Well, I'm afraid it's goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Goodbye.
Goodbye.



Goodbye.
