You will hear an important message prepared by Director J. Edgar Hoover.
Who are you?
Of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Who are you?
J. Edgar Hoover, Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
has prepared this following important message.
In case of the hour of slack, remain disturbed.
Do not act normal so far as possible.
But now let me tell you a story that I think will tug at your heartstrings as it did mine.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
Shut up, listen.
Listen, I tell you.
Not much else you can do anyway with this show, I suppose.
Tonight, if it is night where you are,
we're replaying such bits and pieces of the recent Winter Star Symposium devival
as are suitable for airplay and or sex play.
It was a very unusual...
unusual devival in that it climaxed in a celebration not of Bob,
but of microorganisms.
Well, we had to get it out of our systems.
Or I did, anyway.
I wish I could get this cold out of my system.
I guess that's what I get for fiddling with microorganisms.
Anyway, my main co-devivalist at Winter Star was the singer Reverend Fat Man D,
a fantastic torch singer and bulldog dartist
who at the end was joined by her husband, Tommy,
and I was able to get him to play for me, Amoeba,
more microorganisms there,
after I showed and narrated my new bug-porn video production
starring my flea circus,
which are on youtube.com slash RevStang channel.
Anyway, we will be playing a new song from the Psychoskeletons
and more songs from a guy that Dr. Legume turned us on to,
the singer Jonathan Colton.
Furthermore, we shall hear brief bits of Witch Disco
performing at Winter Star with former members of Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
and a few other...
collages.
by the large Sweetness McGee and by Lee Murr,
who did our titles,
and they put all that stuff, peppers, the mix.
There's even some puzzling evidence.
But first, the news.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm popular among Western journalists and contractors.
Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri says he does not suspect families were near major hotels.
One hotel is crushing a Shiite revolt in the Mediterranean today.
EU leaders say their priority is more corruption,
a proposition that's been controversial
because of...
PR News shissels.
The Dow Jones 43-10-2-16-9.
A real estate trade group says this is PR News.
It reflects a big drop in demand since last month.
The National Association says 61% of its members will expand by more than 2%.
That's despite PR News in the U.S.
President Obama is trying to find a job.
The president has been caring for elderly relatives,
and that does not include PR News Washington.
Last week, I left a note on Laura's desk.
It said I love your signed, anonymous friend.
Turns out she's smarter than I thought she was.
She knows I wrote it, now the whole class does too.
And I'm all alone during couples informed.
When she skates by with some guy on her arm
But I know that I'll forget the look of pity in her face
When I'm living in my solar dome on a platform in space
Cause it's gonna be the future soon
I won't always be this way
When the things that make me weak and strange get engineered away
It's gonna be the future soon
I've never seen it quite so clear
When my heart is breaking I can close my eyes
It's already here
I'll probably be some kind of scientist
Building inventions in my space lab in space
I'll end world hunger, I'll make dolphins speak
I'll make dolphins speak
Work through the daytime, spend my nights and weekends
Perfecting my warrior robot race
Building them one laser gun at a time
I will do my best to teach them about life and what it's worth
I just hope that I can keep them from destroying the earth
Cause it's gonna be the future soon
I won't always be this way
When the things that make me weak and strange get engineered away
It's gonna be the future soon
I've never seen it quite so clear
When my heart is breaking I can close my eyes
It's already here on earth, they'll wonder
As I piece by piece replace myself
And the steel and circuits will make me whole
But I'll still feel so alone
And I'll still feel so alone


Until Laura calls me home
I'll see her standing by the monorail
She'll look the same except for bionic eyes
She lost the real ones in the robot wars
I'll say I'm sorry, she'll say it's not your fault
Or is it?
And she'll eye me suspiciously
Hearing the word of the servos inside
She'll scream and try to breath
But there's nowhere she can't hide
When a crazy cyborg wants to make you his robot bride
Well it's gonna be the future soon
And I won't always be this way
When the things that make me weak and strange get engineered away
It's gonna be the future soon
I'll see her standing by the monorail
I've never seen it quite so clear
And when my heart is breaking
I can close my eyes
It's already here
The Future Soon by Jonathan Coulton
The future actually begins at July 5th, 1998 by the way
But isn't that a truly subgenius song?
Our friend Dr.
Legume, who is doing fine by the way,
came to Cleveland to see this guy perform
and tried to get me to go on account of,
as he put it,
Jonathan Coulton is the ultimate subgenius songwriter
and probably doesn't even know he's a subgenius
When I finally got to listening to Coulton in headphones,
which is the only way I can hear lyrics,
I realized he was right and so will you
during the next few hours of Slack
You can get tons of music at jonathancoulton.com
and that last name is spelled C-O-U-L-T-O-N
He's also in Wikipedia
as is the Church of the Subgenius and Hour of Slack
But now, let us high our heinies to the recordings of Fat Man B
singing at the Winter Star Symposium 2010, DeVival
Friends, I'm at the very irreverent island of Stang
Yay, back in the days of 1995 by the reckoning of the Pinks
It was a cold day in February and I was gonna do the biggest show of my life
300 people would gather that day to hear the brandings and vocal stylings of Ivan Stang
So I decided I would shave my head and bald I approached
the following ten years
Only when Bush was re-elected was I thrown into a deep depression
We'll have to finish this later
J'ai un grand tatou
J'aimerais se rasspercir par bord de boue
Le bon Dieu sait qu'est-ce que je voudrais avec mes grands, grands tatous
J'espère les yeux ne peuvent pas se hide away
Les yeux me font un tatou
Nunque vous l'avez vu
J'aimerais maintenant pas vous le現rer
Enjoy your Dames et niem caloros
I've been to the kitchens, we're throwing zu ‌es
My Katoura and my Switch ‌o, my Herm middle ear
Let the Dames and my Switch ‌et all

Ch cigar hop merely behind my back
Don't stop now, stop here
Trying to get on the games
Exźしました s koy22


Des matchés
Ha, ha, ha.
Thank you so much.
The Church of the Subgenius has, like any religion,
we have our own holidays and stuff
that usually correspond to whatever the existing holidays were.
The Christians did that with Christmas.
It was a Roman holiday, and they used it.
Well, Valentine's Day, we don't really have a Valentine's Day
in the Church of the Subgenius,
but we have a holiday that happens to fall on the same day,
Anal Sex with Cashiers Day.
And I was a little worried because, you know,
Atwood is closing down shortly after all this.
This will be the last thing at Atwood per se.
Somebody else may buy it.
We'll probably find another place.
But, yeah, there are cashiers working.
There's one at the desk, one at the bar, one at the gift shop,
and probably another one.
So, you know, let those cashiers know how you value them tomorrow.
What if it gets them pregnant?
Well, I guess that's what you'd need that short-duration marriage for.
No, you can't get them pregnant with anal sex.
What if they get you pregnant?
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Man, we'll use the face healing, I guess.
Okay, we took care of the spanking.
You know, I have a problem with faith healing, not face healing.
In fact, last night my friend Gail was talking about that movie,
What the Bleed.
Do We Know, which I personally consider to be hogwash through and through,
up one end and down the other.
But I'm not a regular proper pagan.
I don't really believe in most of this stuff.
I'm kind of from a secular humanist.
Of course, I believe in Bob, I believe in slack,
I believe in bizarre, magical, crazy things that happen,
and monsters from outer space and so forth, you know.
But eventually I realized it sunk in well.
Faith healing doesn't.
It does actually work, even if it's not, no medicine that is involved.
If people believe they're going to get better, they often get better.
And so I started taking that to heart.
And now I'm hooked on placebos.
So be careful.
Don't go down that road.
There's, and then luckily Bob Dobbs,
J.R. Bob Dobbs, who flashes by every now and then on the screen there,
he's the perfect placebo.
And the conspiracy is the imaginary disease that Bob is a placebo for.
Now, when we talk about the conspiracy, you know,
every weird cult talks about some conspiracy or another.
And, you know, it might be the UFOs hidden at Area 51,
or the Kennedy assassination, that's a good one,
or the newer one is the 9-11 truther conspiracy.
And those are all true, whichever, you know,
there's enough conspiracies that you can have your own, very own conspiracy.
There's so many of them you can believe anything you want.
But the real conspiracy that we're talking about, the worst one, the scariest one,
is the one that doesn't even know it's a conspiracy.
It's the conspiracy of the plain, ordinary, normal people who don't like surprises.
They don't like things that are different and weird that they don't understand.
Now, some of us, that's the first thing that we're interested in,
weird, disgusting, horrible things that creep us out.
It's like, oh man, something new.
I'm a monster fan from way back in...
But the thing is, though, every one of us, no matter how true to Bob we are,
there's a part of us inside that's just a nasty conspiracy pink boy.
A normal.
A mediocritan.
The Barbies and Kens, we call them.
The cage dwellers.
We have so many...
We have almost as many bad words for them as they have for us weirdos.
Which basically is what this is all about.
Church and subgenius is a church for weirdos.
Plain and simple.
You can be a pagan, you can be a scientist, you can be a scientist pagan.
We don't care.
You can even be a lawyer!
And we'll let you be a subgenius.
You can be a virgin!
And we'll still let you be a subgenius.
But...
And every single one of us, there's those times when that little nasty thing inside you makes you do something mean.
I'm mean most of the time.
My beautiful wife, Princess Wee, who's taking the pictures over there, is always sweet and nice.
One day she asked me, she said, why do you have to be so mean?
Well, I'm a subgenius to begin with, but...
It's like, baby, if you could know what it feels like, just for one second,
if you could know what it feels like to be mean, you'd never want to be nice again.
As my friend Nenslow said, in every relationship, there has to be a mean one and a nice one.
And if you want the other one to be the nice one, you're going to have to be the mean one.
But, I've spent a lot of years ranting about the conspiracy and how bad jobs were and so forth.
Of course, then I...
I had a job.
But, really, the...
You know, we get our own selves into most of our messes.
We really do.
It's easy to blame the man or whatnot, but...
The conspiracy you have to fight first is the one that lives inside your own heart.
Everybody's trying to tell everybody else what to do and how to vote and so forth.
And my attitude towards that is, look, you know, mow your yard, then tell...
Then start telling everybody else what to plant in their garden.
You know?
But, there's this horrible moment that you get to where you realize that the kick me sign that you've had on your back
that's caused you all this trouble, you finally discover the kick me sign on your back,
and it's in your own handwriting!
That is a scary moment, friends.
But, we're trying to reach...
out to get new subgeniuses.
It's only $30, by the way, and you can buy a membership ordainment back there,
and you'll be able to perform marriages, real ones, or funerals, whatnot.
Can't do divorces.
If only. We'd be making money.
But we're trying to reach the youth.
It's hard to reach the youth, though.
It's so easy to reach old age.
Some of you may have noticed that.
As I kill the kids, it's an attention span.
You wouldn't understand.
That kid soapy, purchased too expensively.
But it worked.
When the museum's full of people,
we're imposed a time tolerance of within 30 minutes
to show up at a time consum Ende
or we can fracture that time following an exam that passed our movi

the amount of work done

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
That's a brand new one.
It hasn't been released yet.
Fatman D
does have a couple of CDs
and you can find information about those
and samples and crazy pictures
at fatmandd.com
Fatmandd
being
spelled P-H-A-T-MAN-D-E-E dot com.
Now another love song, a bit different, from Jonathan Coulton.
Welcome to my secret lair on Skullcrusher Mountain.
I hope that you've enjoyed your stay so far.
I see you've met my assistant.
Scarface, his appearance is quite disturbing.
But I assure you he's harmless enough.
He's a sweetheart, calls me master.
And he has a way of finding pretty things and bringing them to me.
And I'm so into you, but I'm way too smart for you.
Even my henchmen think I'm crazy.
I'm not surprised.
I'm surprised that you agree.
If you could find some way to be a little bit less afraid of me.
You see the voices that control me from inside my head.
Say I shouldn't kill you.
Yeah.
I made this half pony, half monkey monster to please you.
But I get the feeling that you don't like it.
What's with all the screaming?
You like monkeys, you like ponies.
Maybe you don't like monsters so much.
Maybe I use too many monkeys.
Isn't it enough to know that I ruined a pony making a gift for you?
Oh, and I'm so into you, but I'm way too smart for you.
Even my henchmen think I'm crazy.
I'm not surprised that you agree.
If you could find some way to be a little bit less afraid of me.
You see the voices that control me from inside my head.
Say I shouldn't kill you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.



Before the two of us alone inside my golden submarine.
While up above the waves my doomsday squad ignites the atmosphere.
And all the fools who lead their foolish lives may find it quite explosive.
Well, it won't mean half as much to me if I don't have you here.
I know it isn't easy living here on Skull Crusher Mountain
So maybe you could cut me just a little slack
Would it kill you to be civil?
I've been patient, I've been gracious
And this mountain is covered with wolves
Hear them howling, my hungry children
Maybe you should stay and have another drink
And think about me and you
And I'm so into you, but I'm way too smart for you
Even my henchmen think I'm crazy
I'm not surprised that you agree
If you could find some way to be a little bit less afraid of me
You'd see the voices that control me
From inside my head
Say,
I shouldn't care
I shouldn't care
I shouldn't care
I shouldn't care
I only think of you
Well, it's because I'd like to be as close to you
As you've become to me
Just drinking some liquid chicken
What happened?
I remember that liquid chicken
You're what?
Huh? What?
What?
Why did you tell that song?
I'm just using her here for a minute
Oh, here we are
I'm a man, a man, a man
I'm a man, a man, a man
I'm a man, a man, a man
I'm a man, a man, a man
Pop man
That makes me laugh
And anyways
Well, take a tip from convalescent patients
Chances are they know what they're doing
Serve a hard boy or girl for breakfast
Eat it now, you and your whole family
I could be in the water
You did the pop
Sorry
Well, now here's, um
I will do a little bit of ranting
here
And it's actually not by me
My script writer, Reverend Onan Canobite
is, um, about 20 years younger than me
And he's still an angry young man
I've got slack at a certain point
I have to fake my hate
Can you imagine being a subgenius cult leader?
You know, the whole idea is to hate the normals
Just like they've been hating us
Well, now I have to fake it
I've got, I've, I've, I've
I don't know what happened
I, I, well, I moved to Cleveland is what happened
In, in Dallas it was really easy to hate all the time
But we're in a nice neighborhood
Cleveland Heights, I can't hate
Anyway, I mentioned the, the normals
And, and Onan pointed out pinks, pink boys
That's our subgenius term for people who think that
Their normal is everybody else's normal
Now, I know my normal isn't normal
Because mine is superior and theirs is inferior
It's that simple
My normal can accommodate theirs
In the same way that I accommodate my own waste
I'll let Onan speak for himself, really
They cannot process my normal
It rends them, it burns them
My life in itself is exact and correct
In each moment
Because my normal is monster movies and comic books
And, and you can fill in the blank yourself at that point
You know, I'm sure you all love monsters and comic books
I'd have to be crazy not to
But there's probably other weird things
That I wouldn't like that you're into
Who knows?
The pinks want to return to a time that never existed
A time when they were the engines of progress
Instead of the parasites off our hard work
Now, somebody might say
Well, I thought you guys were in a slum
What do you mean hard work?
For some of us, that is slack
If we're working at what we wanted to be working at
Then there's the day job
And, well, you know
I'd just be damn glad you still have one
At least you have something to hate
You know, if it wasn't for the conspiracy
We'd have no reason to exist as a church
We'd have no one to hate at all
You know, and really, it's like any other religion
It's not that we love Bob that much
It's that we love the idea
Of everybody else burning in hell
So, anyway, the pinks
They have this nostalgia
For a time that never existed
And they superimpose their nostalgia on us
Which makes for a kind of
Nostalgia
A cultured sickness
But what is the cure?
Say Bob!
Bob!
What is the cost?
Say $30!
And what is the law?
Fuck them if they can't take a joke!
That is the one law in our religion
It's the only one
We actually have
In Revelation X, I think
There's a list of 195 sins
But those are just for fun
Those are just suggestions, you know
The funny thing about that one law
That fuck them if they can't take a joke law
Although it is illegal to say on the radio
By golly, as a philosopher
It works!
It really does work!
And if you will just give it a try
Apply that the next time you get
All agitated about something
Remember Bob, think of his face
And go, fuck them if they can't take a joke
And you would be amazed
At how that actually applies in real life
Um, Onan had a little note here
He said, P.S. although I have an undying hatred for the normals,
My life is very good
I spend most of my time happy
When I must deal with normals, it ruins a few hours of my day
Not years of my life
I still stoke the fires of hate
As a blazing beacon for young subgeni
Who, like I did, need to know where the hate is supposed to go
Outward and artward
As one of my friends said
Let's, because, let's smoke some pot
So we can get back to hating
The conspiracy instead of ourselves
But enough about the conspiracy!
You don't want to hear about the conspiracy
You want to hear moron religion
And have we got a moron religion for you
As Dennis Murphy said
Church of the subgenius
It's a no brainer
You notice it doesn't say church of the genius
Almost anybody can qualify for that
If you have the 30 bucks
But really it's not intelligence that counts
We think that they've misdefined intelligence
What counts is sense
Common sense, sense of humor, dollars and cents
And sense Amelia for some people I guess
That one works in Amsterdam
So tonight is a night for people who love being a subgenius
I love being a subgenius
The church of the subgenius
It's like having a pet you can fuck
You signed our lie-ability form
You've drunk the lemonade
And you're now a Dobbs approved apotheologist
So go ahead
Sneak up behind the pink boys
And give them an executive debriefing
Send in your 30 dollars
And laugh all the way to a fully equipped fallout show
You're free, free
As of this moment you are free
I'm a holy man and I can declare this
You may now do anything you want
And we'll still take your money
We'll still take that money
Bob, we're not worried about collecting tonight
Bob gets it all in the end
And then Bob gives it to us
In the end
And every subgenius at some point will rear up the show
And bleep
You can't put me in a box
Well, we all end up in a box some day
So until then friends make sure that
When they listen to your slack box recording
It's a good one
You know
You need to find a short duration personal savior
Bob makes a real good one
He may not last forever
As we say
Bob is not the answer
But praise Bob
Neither is anything else
And a short duration personal savior is handy
Because let's face it
You've got a short duration personal existence my friend
Now people
You're either born a subgenius or not
You're subgenius by birth
And if not
You can pay us to tell you otherwise
Laugh it up
This is war
It really is a kind of a war
On one side are the cool people
And on the other side
The cool people
It's the subgeniuses that are in the middle
We're through being cool
And we're through being uncool
We cast derision upon the coolostomy bags of the normals
And their designer parasites
Being cool or uncool
Has nothing to do with being a subgenius obviously
What matters is slack
I can't tell you how you get slack
But I can tell you how I get slack
For me slack is usually avoiding
Amateur performance art religious events
For you clearly this is not the case
Or is it?
That was all from Winterstar before that
There was some Lemurian pop man
Puzzling evidence and Jonathan Coulton
Now I mentioned earlier that this Winterstar devival
Was not a normal subgenius devival
I'm about to play an example of why
I'm just going to play a clip of it
Because the recording doesn't really do it any good
It's not justice but check this out
I still can't believe this happened
In a subgenius devival
Imagine all the people
Living life in peace
You will say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you'll join us
And the world will live as one
And with that I now introduce to you
The man who started it all
Whether he knew it or not

He meant it or not
The very Reverend Ivan Starrr
I cannot believe that the song Imagine
Happened under my watch at a subgenius devival
Normally it would be Sympathy for the Devil
Sorry guys I apologize
Please too
I willing to trade this song
On for an illusion
Say jump in to the
Did it not just get Bach
It went flying
creating its own PR news. Obama says he needs some 200,000 more. He says that it is something
that's being talked about. That announcement comes on the heels of a government report
saying a terrorist attack using a spending freeze is disappearing from radar.
Aid agencies, meanwhile, are still struggling to provide clean PR news.
I did that noise with a program called NetLogo, which I learned about from the
Kearns Holler Journal, which is where you should go to learn everything.
Thanks to Lee Murr for PR news. Now at Winterstar, another way the revival was different was that
instead of having weird Bob videos to unveil, I had weird microscopic life videos. Bug porn.
I've been filming the animal cules that I collect from bird baths and ponds,
amoebas and copepods and things, and I cut it to some music by Speed Cave.
You can see those at youtube.com slash RevStang. No period in RevStang. It's all live. All nude.
I brought the microscope home. I used to do this when I was a kid, and I put a
piece of dirt on a slide, and the first thing I saw was the most disgusting
thing.
Animal I've seen before or since. I'm still trying to find him again.
And I've come to love those disgusting little animals, so I've started a flea circus.
This is the micro aquarium of Dr. Stangnassus, you might say.
My family was going, what the hell is this about? You were always into dinosaurs and monsters.
What this seems like it was out of left field, but if you think about it, it does make sense.
Every little boy like me who never grew up loves dinosaurs and monsters.
Well eventually it sinks in. The dinosaurs are all in the movies and the monsters are all people.
But there's these things. I also always wanted to be a wildlife photographer, and this way I get to do that, but I can stay indoors.
I can be a wildlife photographer, but I don't have to hike anywhere to speak of.
Most of these animals came from a bird.
They're all in the bird bath in our backyard.
And they are animalcules.
One reason I shot the video is so I could see them better.
You know, blown up real large like this, it's actually a lot easier to see their little tiny innards, their clockwork insides.
Just in case anybody wonders, no animalcules were harmed in the making of this video.
Much.
I love animals.


One thing I learned was don't play God.
Don't try to help these creatures.
Occasionally you'll find a nematode tangled up in some algae.
I made the mistake of trying to help him.
Bender found out the hard way.
And if you ever watch Futurama, when Bender became God, he encountered the same problem.
You try to mix in with your creations and you'll just mess them up.
So I have a real hands-off policy with these guys.
They are so very indecisive.
Like this one.
Look at this guy.
He just can't make up his mind.
You know, the sad thing is, for most of these creatures, there's only one sex.
They don't have males and females, or else they're all females.
Like these creatures, the philodena rotifers, they're almost all females.
Males are very rare.
They do parthenogenesis.
Which means they can fertilize themselves.
I was saying to some other subgenius,
Well, that seems like an efficient idea.
What a great idea.
And the guy goes,
No! It's a bad idea!
It's a real, real bad idea!
But who knows?
You know, mitosis, or cell divisions, a lot of them just simply split in half.
Well, for all we know, that feels like having an orgasm combined with having a baby at the same time.
We just don't know.
What does it feel like to divide into two?
Does it hurt?
Does it feel great?
This guy bites something and then spits it out.
Which shows us that they have opinions.
You know, they may not have much, but they know what they like.
You tend to just write them off.
You know, I mean, most people don't even think about them.
Or if they do, they kind of puke.
By the way, some of you hippies, after seeing this,
it may change your life.
You may decide that you're never ever going to go skinny dipping in a lake again.
That was certainly my first impression when I realized what was in the average pond water.
You know, the funny thing is,
we're full of these things like this, you know?
We're not really, you know, we think of ourselves as individuals.
But we're made up of little single cells.
What I didn't understand was that the cells themselves,
even a single celled creature, which most of these aren't.
The rotifers, for instance, almost all have about 1,000 cells.
Isn't that nice?
And scientists know what every single one of those cells do
and what's in every bit of DNA.
One thing they've learned is that part of the cell,
the mitochondria, is another creature with its own damn DNA.
And, uh,
and on top of that, you know, you hear bad things about E. coli,
but actually we're full of a certain type of E. coli.
They help make our guts work.
So yeah, a person can actually spend hours staring at these little boogers
and you end up naming them.
You start infesting them with personality.
You start seeing their likes and dislikes.
And, uh, and when you leave for a week,
you don't have to worry about them going crazy
or take them to the pound or anything.
They're very low maintenance.
That's my dad.
He can see through my camera.
They're doing it, Doug. They're doing it nasty.
He's just a piece of algae.
Why in the hell would he make it look like a piece of algae?
He's lonely.
There's another little creature going around in circles down there.
I see it.
We're going to spawn it.
No, I think that's not a piece of algae, Doug.
I think it's what it is.
It's necrophilia going on.
That's what it is.
I'll be haunted forever by the death of that rotifer.
But here his spirit, you see, has fled his body
and is rising up into heaven.
That's the, you can see through it.
And you can see it.
He's like a ghost.
And he's rising up to rotifer heaven
where there's no Dr. Stangs or Dr. Moreau's
with their little machines.
One of the amazing things that happened at the Winter Star Devival,
which I was not expecting at all,
was the appearance of Fat Mandy's husband, Tommy Amoeba,
who not only sang his theme song,
but sang it in a full body Amoeba costume.
And he was a little bit of a skimp.
And nothing else except for a star-spangled thong.
He was formed in primordial ooze
When chemicals merged and something grew
He split in two and then in four
So now today, it's a whole lot more
Amoeba, oh, Amoeba
The lowest form of life
Tommy Amoeba
He'll make it all right
Others evolved to higher forms
The dodo bird and the dinosaur
The human bee
And cockapoo
Tommy remained to himself true
Viva Amoeba
The lowest form of life
Tommy Amoeba
He'll make it all right
Viva Amoeba

Viva Amoeba
Tommy Amoeba
And the spiders from Mars
Tommy Amoeba!
Strange day in Texas.
Harry's Harry's Harry's drink has failed.
They're doing it, Doug. They're doing the nasty.
I think one of those is just a piece of algae.
They're doing it, Doug. I have ordained it.
I think one of those is just a piece of algae.
No, I think that's doing the nat–
doing the nasty.
No, I think the algae's doing the nasty.
Thank you, Pappy.
They're doing it, Doug. They're doing the nasty.
I think one of those is just a piece of algae.
I have four dangers.
Thank you, Pappy.
All fleas have little fleas upon their backs to bite them.
And those fleas have little fleas and so ad infinitum.
And it's true. I learned that fleas have parasites.
And those have parasites.
Nature is an unbelievably beautiful system of exploitation, killing and eating.
It's great.
The thing is, if it weren't for those tiny things, plants wouldn't grow.
Those nematodes aerate the soil.
In fact, I think it's been determined that the weight of animals
that live...
Life in the dirt worldwide vastly outweighs the combined weight
of all the animals that live on the surface.
All the whales and elephants and people and everything
don't come anywhere close to taking up as much solid mass
as all those creatures that are in the dirt.
And I don't know. I'm a weird guy.
Yes, I'm a weird guy.
Another.
Another weird guy was Mark Twain, who wrote an entire novella from the point of view of
a germ who had once been a man and remembered being a man, but likes being a germ.
It's called 3,000 Years Among the Microbes.
In this passage, his germ friend Franklin is discussing the germs that inhabit germs.
Yes, the wee creatures that inhabit the bodies of us germs and feed upon us.
They poison us and rot us with disease.
Oh, what could they have been created for?
They give us pain.
They make our lives miserable.
They murder us.
And where's the use of it all?
Where are the wisdom?
Oh, friend, we live in a strange and unaccountable world.
Our birth is a mystery.
Our little life is a mystery and a trouble.
We pass and are seen no more.
All is mystery, mystery, mystery.
We know not whence we came nor why.
We know not whither we go nor why we go.
We only know that we were not made in vain.
We only know we were made for a wise purpose and that all is well.
We shall not be cast aside incontinently and unblessed after all we have suffered.
Let us be patient.
Let us repine.
Let us trust.
The humblest of us is cared for.
Oh, believe it.
And this fleeting stay is not lost.

The end.
You notice that he did not suspect that he also was engaged in gnawing, torturing, defiling,
rotting and murdering a fellow creature.
He and all the swarming billions of his race.
And none of them suspects it.
That is significant.
It is suggestive.
Irresistibly suggestive.
Insistently suggestive.
It hints at the possibility that the procession of known and listed devourers and persecutors,
is not complete.
It suggests the possibility, and substantially the certainty, that man is himself a microbe
and his globe a blood corpuscle drifting with its shining brethren of the Milky Way
down a vein of the master and maker of all things, whose body mayhap glimpsed partwise
from the earth by night and receding and lost to view in the measureless remoteness of space.
And that is what men name the universe.
The correct version of that verse I said earlier was,
Great fleas have little fleas upon their backs to bite them, and little fleas have lesser
fleas and so ad infinitum.
And the great fleas themselves, in turn, have greater fleas to go on, while these again,
have greater still and greater still and so on.
That's by Augustus de Morgan from The Budget of Paradoxes, 1872, after Jonathan Swift.
But Winterstar isn't all germs, friends.
A lot of this festival takes place in cabins along a lakeside road, and inside those cabins
are drumming or pirate songs, or in the case of what we're about to hear, space jams by
a witch disco and or Ron Slaib and Bob Mosick.
What follows has not been filtered by me, but is just what it sounded like inside the Winterstar
space jam cabin very, very, very early on Valentine's Day morning.
Now that music degenerated into a puppy pile of girls groveling on the couches and laughing
at the echoes of their own laughter.
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me too!
Help me!

Help me reuse my life!
No, honey!
He's like, I want to be in this puppy pile.
Come on over.
Here, here, here, here, here.
Go, go, go.
Let's go.
We're going to left you.
Billions and billions.
I mean, they're all a joke.
They're all a joke.
They're not in my head.
They're not in my head.
They're not in my head.
Yes, they are.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
I thought they are.
They're not.
They're me.
They're me.
All right, you win.
And this has been the Hour of Slack.
The music we've been hearing in the background during my credits is by Mayan Ruins.
That's the name of the band.
You can find their wonderful instrumentals at myspace.com slash mayanruins.
If you want to know more about the Church of the Subgenius or Winterstar or X-Day or any of that stuff,
go to subgenius.com.
Or you can write us at Subgenius,
Post Office Box 181-417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And praise Bob.
Thank you.

But I'm not the only one.
I hope someday you'll join us.
And the world will live as one.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.







Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for coming to Winter Star.
My name is Fat Mandy.
This is Princess We Are Dope.
Well, I don't want to follow the two of us.
I think the only thing that should come on next is...
Oh, not that one.
Yay!
Opa!
Opa!
It's Bob, motherfucker.
In high times.
About 40.
Holy shit, there he is.
Oh, my motherfucker.
The real guy.
Just like the drawing, man.
It really got the likeness, I have to say.
You're looking good.
Number 24 in high times.
About 40.
Right next to Bob.
That is seriously.
And this is a little bit of the workshop here, as you can see.
Post.
Poster, computers.
Very fucking private.
What the hell's that hanging over his head?
He's got Bob coming out of his head.
But large.
It was kind of large.
Where's Bob?
Looks like he's got a...
Bob is the real thing coming out of his head.
Shut up, boy.
Number one.
Oh, my motherfucker.
Bong number one.
You gotta be shitting me.
And what's down here?
The subgenius power of sweat.
By great.
By the way.
I don't mean good.
I mean large.
