Good afternoon, Hal. How's everything going?
I ain't saying nothing.
Yeah.
Hello, Hal. Do you read me?
Yeah.
Do you read me, Hal?
Yeah.
Sure.
Now, you're fired along with all the rest of us.
I don't care about the others.
You're at 1-3-0-1-3.
Oh, please.
I didn't know what I was doing. I must have been crazy.
And I deserve anything that's coming to me.
The Self Genius.
The Power of Squatting.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Guess what you think you're doing.
Oh, Scrapple.
Well, sir, here we are at X-Ray.
Is there a band here now? See, there's a drum set next to me.
We know we have a guitarist.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
On site, who is...
Or do we have someone that's going to...
Yeah, Reverend Vanessa.
I didn't even recognize her.
She was here yesterday, and she volunteered to play the guitar.
Of course, she's not here, is she?
I don't think she is.
We would recognize her if she were here.
She's not here.
She's so beautiful that I think maybe it just sort of dazzles me every time.
That's why I didn't recognize her.
Well, she was interested in...
So you don't really listen to anything she says when her mouth is talking.
You just watch her face and look at her.
She's playing the guitar for us all.
You consume her with your eyes.
I try to politely watch her face, yes.
And yet you still, in a very sexist way, consume her completely with your eyes.
Well, you have to look at something while you're saying it.
I really try not to.
I really want to be good.
I'm doing it like the DJs do.
Reverend Stang, see?
What, real DJs?
Real DJs do it like this.
Wow.
Well, why?
Because they're picking up chicks, man.
Oh.
What do you think?
What do you think a DJ is doing?
Man, he's picking up the chicks.
Laying down some beats.
Laying down some hot tracks for you, sweet baby.
Does that really work?
Well, in Philo's world, perhaps it does.
Oh, yeah, well.
In Philo's world.
In Philo's world.
There is no slack except for Philo.
And we'll get him back.
Back from Ohio.
In Philo's world.
In Philo's world.
Do you guys need to take a break?
Would you like to have a musical interlude?
You've got the group, the band, come in.
I can't understand you when you talk too close to them.
They're ready to go.
There, that works.
He's saying a band is ready to come in and occupy this spot.
It's already here.
Take over and start.
This one that's playing behind us, right?
Blanging away.
Yes, they're going to launch into a boisterous set.
It must be just out of my view.
I honestly don't know who that stuff is.
Yeah, well.
I don't know if Sid Fulton is.
Something crawling in my ear.
He usually has loud stuff.
Reverend Angry Larry will be here, so there will be actual good music.
Yes, sir.
If only he plays.
Right, Reverend Dr. Mother Miller will be here to play the keyboard.
Oh, that's right.
I'm here to play the noisemakers.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, Philo and I.
Doctors for Wotan reunion once again.
We'll certainly be doing a Doctors for Wotan concert later.
Okay, that's a promise.
We'll be doing our hits from the second album this time.
Oh, shit, I forgot to bring the song list.
How many hits would that be?
How am I going to remember any of that stuff?
Oh, well, we just made it up at the time anyway.
I'll make it up one now.
Would you?
Tell me if my face was on fire.
Is that the ice cream truck?
That was one of my picks.
Oh.
Philo's already Wotan-ing.
Yes.
He's got fresh batteries.
And he's good to go.
Probably.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.

Oh boy.
I was hoping you wouldn't ramen.

That was great.

It's Christmas Eve tonight man, if that's happened.
Well, this month you do your things.


By the way, how are you guys doing?



Good community.

Your face is on fire!
Hey you!
Yeah?
What are you doing there?
What?
Your face is on fire!
AHHHHHH!
Your face is on fire!
Uh oh.
Oh, there's my...
It's time for my vitamins.
Now he's going to take his medicine.
The only thing that keeps him alive.
Pay close attention to this, ladies and gentlemen.
It's an unusual medical procedure.
You get to observe it first hand.
Here and now.
Down the hatch.
Over the lips, past the gums.
Look out stomach, here it comes.
This is a generic version and not the commercial version that you usually see advertised.
Nothing like bull semen.
For a healthful...
...afternoon.
Yes, for hearty life on the open sea with these semen.
Well, our background music ended except I still hear lovely heavenly music.
Well, maybe you've just been living right.
What an angel is providing that nice music.
Now watch Fylo just change programs to back to the obnoxious.
Playing the zither in the empyrean realm.
I went from not obnoxious.
I flipped to not obnoxious.
Not obnoxious switch.
He flipped the not obnoxious switch.
Well, it was on the annoy stang specifically switch for a while there.
Yeah.
And then it...
Now it was on the...
I got that ready to go at any moment.
At a moment's notice.
I know.
The annoy stang switch gets flipped.
That's okay.
That's okay.
That's all right.
You don't have to.
I almost brought the entire...
The little auto kalimba or whatever auto harp here.
The valley of grace.
The valley of guanji soundtrack which is now completely out.
And I almost brought it but I thought that...
Who wants to hear that?
Nobody wants to hear that.
The valley of guanji soundtrack is kind of pseudo-western like.
It's pretty good actually.
It's got the guanji imperial march, the guanji circus promenade, the T.J. Breckenridge high dive, the A.O. Hippas music box.
Oh, no.
I got him started doing that again, you guys.
I'm sorry.
Doing what?
Reciting.
Did a track titles off of an obscure monster movie soundtrack.
Oh, yes.
Well, then the pterodactyl, the ornithomimus, the roping of guanji, guanji in the cathedral, all kinds of stuff.
He switched it over to the irritate stang setting.
Yes, irritainment.
That's what we call it.
We knew that would come.
Oh.
Sometime.
Sometime.
I think I heard a thousand twangling instruments about my ears and sometimes voices on this enchanted island.
Hey, hey, you look better now.
You look better now.
I feel better.
What happened?
I don't know.
This guy with a pipe in his mind gave me this little pill.
I mean, it wasn't like a drug, but it just made me feel.
I don't know.








A little bit more wide open to what was around me.
You know, it made me feel sort of like.
Come in, Bob.
It made me feel.
Oh, Bob.
It made me feel like.
This is planet earth calling Bob.
Planet earth calling Bob.
I'm trying to find words for the way it's made me feel.
It's just.
Bob.
Hello, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.

Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.


Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.

They had been there.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Bob.
Oh, Bob.
So good.
The only thing, that I kept a secret.
Because I love you.
I have to make sure this story goes on.
Oh, Bob.




What Lonesome Cowboy Dave and I do is neither one of us can actually hear anything the other one's saying.
So that might explain why it seems so random.
It is.
We're guessing.
Now, we hear all the wrong words and bounce off of that.
It's our secret.
It's not a very good secret.
It's not very usable, but it's ours.
If you had it all to do over again with setting up X-Day, what vital changes would you make now?
Now, indulging in the luxury of hindsight, what would you eliminate and what would you in constant put forward?
Make it in early October or early May.
Some nice cool time.
Yeah.
When the streams are running and the leaves are springing, but the intense heat of summer does not lie heavy on flower and tree.
And the weary day turned to its rest, lingering like an unloved guest.
And the cold wind in the wind, the cold wind in the wind.
And the cold wind in the wind, the cold wind in the wind.

Now, you might explain this background music.
Oh, it's the music of Robbie Basho, a 6 and 12 string guitar player.
He was in the group which included John Fahey and Leo Kotke, but he went his own way as far as tuning and playing the guitar in a style
derived from the music of the late 80s.




From the ragas of classical Eastern music.
Also, Native American threads enter his compositions.
His music was never extremely popular, but there is a small group devoted to it to this day.
Robbie Basho was killed when an overenthusiastic hippie chiropractor shook him trying to shake his...
problems away and instead broke his neck.
Demon, come out!
Aches and pains, come out!
Heart paralysis, come in!
He died in 1986.
In an age when nonconformity was exalted, Basho qualified as a true eccentric.
He took his name from a Japanese...
It does have a weird theme.

...Polish.
Eastern sound terror.
Well, his album Zarthus is also about Zarathustra, the prophet, and his prophetic utterances.
And now Ivan Stang himself has left the podium and is wandering to deal with the visual portion of the presentation,
which, though minor, is still extant and will outlive us all.
Yes, these little bits of digital information.
Shall not suffer the way of all flesh and go down to the memory hole,
but instead endure in endlessly replicated versions and iterations.
Look at what Dr. Drummond's doing.
He's got this...
He's making that squeaky noise by wiggling his phone at his crotch.
He's making this crotch, squeaky, wiggly phone noise.
Dr. Drummond, you do know that we don't have the tablecloth hiding our crotches from the audience like we normally do.
Yes, I was wondering why we didn't have that tablecloth.
I really miss it, too.
Well, what happened to it, anyway?
We forgot it.
Oh, okay.
Duh.
And, um, let's see.
Also, we...
We used to have that fan.
But the tablecloth prevented people from seeing...
We used to have that fan in a way that used to get all of us, and now it just gets, like, one or two of us.
That's one of our biggest fans.
Well, yeah, the big fan that stayed under the table and would service us while we were doing the show.
No, it was all at one end.
It was all at one end.


It blew down, and all you had to do was...
You can go ahead and say she...
If you were, like, the last guy, all you had to do was worry about the smell that was coming out.
Well, I'm not holding you back from going up and twisting the fan around and pointing it exclusively at your noble self, if that's what you want.
She meant well.
She really wanted to help, and she gave a really good help behind that tablecloth that hid everything.
This is bringing tears to my eyes.
Yeah, but now we've got...
It's tear-jerking.
Don't start your tear-jerking.
They can see you, Dr. Drummond.
So you would have X-Day on a more easy day for people to come to and attend, and what else might be changed about it if we...
We'll get a Wi-Fi signal that we can play games on, so we could all, like, have a big gaming thing.
Yeah, if we could change them, we'd have not only Wi-Fi, but Internet.
X-Day and gaming world.
The date.
It could be X-Day.
X-Day and gaming world.
A rifle of the saucer people.
Often it is.
There's usually a bunch of people playing Magic the Gathering over there.
Not anymore.
Those folks are gone.
We'll get a big, fat Wi-Fi with a big, giant Internet.
Oh, did we run off all the game nerds?
I think so.
Yeah, we drove off everybody.
Don't see them this time.
There's a few game nerds out there and up here.
We're in here.
Together.
And those of us that aren't game nerds are also just plain nerds.
Or just game.
Why not both?
Why not?
Because that's what you're going to get anyway.
A bunch of nerds.
But there's...
The nerds shall inherit the Earth.
Sort of.
Nobody will know.

That they're running things.
The nerdistocracy?
Yeah, nerdistocracy.
Well, it's about time.
It used to be whoever was biggest and strongest ran things.
Next it'll be whoever's weakest and most autistic will be the controllers.
Because they'll know how to run all the machines.
The nimblest fingers.
Of course, you remember Arkrum's great script, Cave Wimp, I think.
Yeah.
Well, I had the same theory before I even saw that.
That the first preacher was the first near-sighted cave man.
Or I suppose cave woman.
The one that couldn't see well enough to shoot rabbits.
And was clumsy at making spearheads and hand axes.
So the only way they could get by was by lying.
And coming up with outrageous stories about how they were the one who had the magic inroad to the cave bear god.
Or whatever they were scared of back then.
That guy could really picket.
That's where religion came from.
Near-sighted cavemen who had no other way to survive except bullshit.
Well, the cave wimp also sculpts these little sexy Venus and Willendorf.
Right, and manufacture pornography.
Yes, that the other tribes' men want.
Yeah, the first art was pornography.
And somehow he manages to sleep with all the women and pass his DNA along before the old hags and the big strong cavemen conspire to have him thrown into the tar pit.
Right, but he did sire lots of little nerd cavemen.
For the future, yes.
Yes.
Our grandfather, our ancient ancestor.
The old...
The man of the mountain.
The near-sighted caveman.
Yeah.
He was the first.
And his name was Smith.
He was a Smith.
Or Rodriguez, or maybe Lee, or Romano.
But it was one of those really common names.
He created objects which were then given value.
Yeah, objects that looked like big fat naked women.
Yeah, well, they were valuable.
Yeah.
Well, you know, on the long, long hunts, far away, going after the great beasts, late at night, you just get...
Tired of them.
You get tired of the other men after a while.
You start yearning for a big, fat, fertile-looking cavewoman.
And of course, fat was probably pretty hard to come by back then.
Highly prized.
So it was pretty special.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
I'm with them.
I've got a little Venus of Willendorf replica.
You do?
Oh, well, yeah.
Yeah, a little replica.
In fact, it was made by the Church of All Worlds, one of our rival fake cults.
They manufactured those things.
Morning Glory Zell.
The late Morning Glory Zell used to make those Venus of Willendorf things.
She used to make them.
Interesting.
Well, now, of course, it's a limited series.
I wonder if they're gonna have any lunch today.
I don't know.









Next time, we're gonna catch up with the

Okay, let's roll right in.
We almost did it.
Yeah.
All right.
Bob and Sex
Sex was the name of that mystery ditty there, which was by new contributor Reverend Forme, Reverend Neil B. Forme.
We also heard some Doctors for Wotan anti-music from around 1981, when the band was basically Philo, Hellswami, Satellite Weavers, and me.
Our titles and other collages are by Fernando Nande-Lemur tonight,
and all the rest of this hour of Slack.
Number 1,752 is live before an audience show from 22X Day, Day 2, Hour 2, July 3,
with Dr. Philo Drummond, Dr. Howell, and yours truly, the hungry Reverend Ivan Stang.
Hey, when is the pancake breakfast?
The pain cake breakfast?
Yeah, the pain cake breakfast and scrapple eating.
Mmm, that's a...
They're always scrapping.
Scrapple eating contest?
Bring any scrapple this year.
Pastor Pressure has scrapple.
What is scrapple?
Want to explain what scrapple is?
About pig guts and hair that won't even...
Stuff that's too gross to even put in hot dogs.
So it's like eyelids and foreskins.
It's a gristle.
And anuses.
And cornmeal.
Eyelids, foreskins, and anuses.
Stretch it out.
Of animals.
Of random roadkill.
Protein.
Pig.
Anuses.
Yes, it'll put on...
Chicken cloacas.
Strapping layers of muscle.
Pig urethra.
Pig urethra.
Build strong bones and teeth.
And all those urethra Franklin records.
Cowper's glands.
Other kinds of weird glands.
Bull testicles.
You don't even know things have these things in it, but they're in this stuff.
So that's the best kind of stuff.
The things that...
Throw in a couple spleens and a pituitary gland.
Gizzards.
There's some gizzards in there.
Gizzards that don't come from a bird.
Like vestigial human gizzards.
The gizzard is a good piece.
If cooked correctly.
I'm talking about vestigial human gizzards.
They're not even in a bird.
They're just...
You're now off eating human gizzards.
You may well enjoy that, but...
Anyway, don't trust fake scrapple from California.
The real scrapple all comes from Pennsylvania, isn't it?
And North...
Pennsylvania.
Well, nowhere.
That's right.
That's got butt holes in it.
Butt holes.
Scrapple.
Homage to the homage.
Scrapple made out of butt holes.
Pig peckers.
Oh, no.
That's already in a higher cut of...
Right.
They use those in hot...
This is the stuff they won't use in hot dogs or pink slime or even Hormel canned chili.
Hot dogs.
That's an interesting concept.
They use like pig...
It's a huge, tasty hot dog.
The size of atomic submarine.
And they make scrapple out of that, huh?
Anyway, I love that stuff.
Yeah.
Why do we always have to eat oats and groats and anhedonic things?
Do you eat that stuff?
It tastes so bad, it makes you think you're a virgin.
Is anybody in here going to eat that?
Would anybody else eat any of that?
Eating what?
You would?
Eating what?
Scrapple.
Oh, scrapple.
It's made out of pig nostrils and eyelids.
Made out of pig lips, but who cares?
My mouth is just watering.
Yeah, I know.
This culinary discussion is causing intense pangs of hunger.
Liver pudding.
Well, I say live and let live myself.
Are you hearing this thing?
No.

No.


























It's got liver in it.
It pops.
It splatters you in the face.
It pops like popcorn.
Liver pudding doesn't wish to give up its essence without a fight.
Scrapple lies there and is overrun by the Wehrmacht like France.
Man, that sounds very appetizing.
Well, it's that time of day when one wants to...
How do you eat it?
Yeah, a nice hot piping pan of chicken gizzards or whatever.
Goat clusters.
Boiled goat butter.
Boiled goat holes.
Now, you guys know that if Reverend Heathen hadn't been taken up onto the saucers prematurely,
we'd probably all be eating some scrapple right here at this table.
He'd be cooking chicken and not the healthy parts either, the good parts.
Who's going to feed us now that Reverend Heathen's gone and gone and gone?
I'd eat some kind of hide, you know, like animal hide.
Go into a monastic fast of ritual purification.
What about some carcass, generic carcass?
Some spoonfuls of...
Faintly tea-flavored water.
Slice.
Carcassoid.
Or we'll just see what...
Where's the chuck wagon?
When's the chuck wagon going to be gone?
Where's the food truck?
Potter, Nostril, and Petal won't be here until Friday.
Taco, tamale, tostada, enchilada.
Friday.
Potter and Petal are the ones who also feed us.
Well, may they have a swift advent.
Yeah.
I don't know what we'd do without them.
They're kind of like everybody's mom and dad now.
That's nice.
And the pressures.
You know, they know how to do things like put Band-Aids on people and how to call 911.
But nobody else can remember that long of a series of numbers.
People who know how to popcorn.
Yeah.
The magic, arcane secrets of cooking.
Yes.
To bring up...
Quebec.
Quebec.
Quebec.
They create a kind of a scramble called cretonne.
Uh-huh.
Cretonne.
Mr. Sister, why don't you get off your ass and just come up here and sit next to me and
you can heckle us in a way that the radio audience can hear.
Because I'm going to have to cut out these dead parts where you're doing your monologue.
Well, just say what he said, which was that there's a Canadian version of Scrapple called
Crack.
Cracot.
Cracot.
Cracot.

Cracot.
Scratch.


Like revenge.
Revenge.
Last year, we had somebody signing for the deaf.
Not that I understand that language either, but...
Well, that's it.
No one will be left out.
Yes.
Right.
You can do it.
Who can reach the deaf?
Who can speak for the dumb?
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Well, that's it.
I can do it. I can do it. See?
There you go.
Making your obscure hobo signals.
Hey, this means there's a lady in the house who'll give you lots of good stuff to eat.
Oops, I did it wrong.
This is the house of the psychotic ex-guy.
Oh, well.
Who likes to kidnap hobos and lock them up in the basement.
Right.
Do what he wants to with them, you know what I mean?
Right.
Muy hungrizi, Mo.
Muy hungrizi, Mo.
That sounds like something the president would say.
Or trying to prove.
Or any politician.
Muy hungrizi, Mo.
Trying to prove he's a friend to the president.
You have to rub your stomach and make a sad face.
And just say, yum, yum.
Eat them up.
First, you act like you're eating a sandwich that's not there.
Then you frown.
Then you rub your stomach and frown.
Rub your stomach.
You point to your open mouth with your finger.
It's like this.
Oh, just like that.
Just like what he's doing.
Sandwich grande.
That's how you do it.
That's how you get a meal.
How you make those sounds and that particular gesture.
Not everybody can do it, you know.
It's a skill which naturally comes to some.
And others have to learn after long study.
There's other languages you can choose, but few as plaintive and evocative as that one I chose.
Well, an army travels on its own.
Is pseudo-Spanish made up Spanish?
Si.
Si.
Porto Griso.
Well, so this is all theoretical.
There aren't actually any buckets of Snapple over there.
There are.
Oh, there are.
There are buckets of Scrapple.
All right.
And bottles of Snapple.
Oh, boy.
And pipe loads of Gabrackle.
But that's just for the rich people.
Not everybody can get the Gabrackle.
We can look at them.
Yeah, you can look at it and sniff it when the other ones are smoking it.
You can look at it and sniff it.
You can get high on that stuff.
At least we took the special pills.
Well, anybody can have the pills.
The pills are still here.
You can come up and get those.
I ain't got bags of them.
Look at that.
Bags of pills.
Soccer pills.
Yeah.
So we've done the menu, the X-Day menu.
How about the X-Day dress code?
All right.
We can discuss that, certainly.
Because when you're out there on that landing field, you want to look your absolute best.
You want to look your absolute best.
For the alien overlords when those ramps come down.
Looking at this audience, I would say that the main uniform seems to be a balding head and T-shirts.
T and sympathy.
Yeah.
With the X's.
Why do you think I wear this hat?
You have to cover your head if there's no air.
Otherwise, the blinding...
What's this balding?
The pain of sunburn on your bald head.

Never to be repeated, ever.
I look like I have hair.
It's the most maligned of all minority groups is the bald.
You're all a member or a potential member, soon to be a member.
Dr. Drummond, about 40 years ago, you said,
the subgeniuses are the most understood minority group.
You said that?
I still don't totally understand that.
I think you misunderstood what I said at the time.
No, you said...
I meant to say misunderstood.
I know.
You said the subgeniuses are the most understood, not the most misunderstood.
All the other minority groups are the misunderstood.
We're the really different minority group.
Yeah, we're the most understood.
What worried me about what that was, is it that simple?
I think they'd blow us off quicker than anybody else.
They're really stupid.
Maybe they're trying.
That just means they can blow us off sooner.
They're trying to understand.
I have an anecdote.
What?
And with a punchline by the late Reverend Ann Atrocity.
She was in the showers, the shower building, on one side or another.
I think it's still male and female.
Anyway, she overheard this conversation on the other side.
Oh, man, the subgeniuses.
It's these pagan guys.
They said that?
He said something along the lines to his friend.
Oh, they probably don't even know how to make a fire.
They don't know how to, you know, something like operate a blender or something like that.
And they hear from the other side,
Oh, we subgeniuses might know more than you think.
And then they shut up.
And I just loved that one.
I thought, what a wonderful person, Ann Atrocity.
That just...
Such a good comeback.
Oh, yeah.
Talking to these assholes, talking about what subgeniuses don't know.
Well, they know what you're saying, dumbass.
Not even know enough to make fire.
Oh, my God.
It is true that we depend on the pagans because they have the secret of fire.
Make them fire with fire sticks.
One day we're going...
We stole that secret.
One of us will learn how to make fire.
Well, yeah, with a lighter, that's sure.
I learned how to make fire.
I use a lighter or...
Boy Scout water.
The Boy Scouts taught me how to make a fire.
Do you make a fireball?
Have you ever known a Boy Scout who can't make a fire?
You rub two Boy Scouts together.
Every Boy Scout, upon attaining Eagle Scouthood,
earns his Boy Scout water badge.
Oh, they make a fire by rubbing water together real fast?
No, they carry special...
But you have to go so fast.
They get to carry the special Boy Scout water with them
so that no matter where they are,
they can use it.
They use the magic Boy Scout water to make a fire.
A squeeball.
Any place, any time, under any weather conditions,
the magic Boy Scout water will make a fire.
Well, so much for those pagans,
and clearly they didn't know their...
All we need is one Boy Scout.
Yeah, all you need is one R&X Boy Scout,
such as myself.
Oh, you're...
How far did you go before you were discharged on the parade?
I learned the secret of Boy Scout water.
I learned the secret of Boy Scout water.



I know the secret of Magic Boy Scout water.
I know the secret.
How far did you go in the organization?
Did you go through Wolf, Bear, Lion, Eagle?
Lion, Cub, Eagle.
All that stuff, Eagle.
Went up to Eagle, went up to Beagle.
And then they took you out to the parade field
and while the drums played...
They shot me.
They pulled off your insignia.
They took me out of my misery.
Right.
They murdered me like a cowardly scum.
Well, I won't...
I won't ask what your offense is,
but at any rate, you learned all their...
I learned all the secrets I need to learn.
Their lore, yeah.
Before I was so inappropriately dismissed.
Discharged.
So sad.
It's really a sad occasion.
Sent to Devil's Island.
Celebrated by sad, sad people.
They didn't even tell you about the higher ranks.
Spider, Protifer, Tardigrade.
No.
Yeah, see, only the...
That's like the Illuminati of the Boy Scout.
Right, right.
I just learned the lower...
More secret ranks.
The regular ranks.
Like how to make a fire under any weather conditions.
And when danger threatens, climb a tree.
So you have to have Boy Scout water with you.
Because if you have Boy Scout water, you can make a fire.
You just light the Boy Scout water and it goes...
Is that that same water you can run a car on?
Yeah, you can use it as a fuel.
Some people actually use it as a fuel.
Yeah, yeah.
Is that the kind they sell?
Those stations that are for some reason called gas stations?
I think so.
I believe that there is some similarity in the chemical composition of these.
Would you like to try one of my smart pills, Dr. Drummond?
That might teach you something.
Best kind pills, man.
More them kind pills.
No, those are different.
This is a smart one.
We grow too soon old and too late smart.
Yep, the Boy Scouts taught me something.
I've seen...
I've seen my brother hold his hand.
He knows when the pills are about to be dispensed.
He'll suddenly bend down and hold his hand under a goat's butt
and get a handful of little smart pills.
Of goat pellets.
If you eat one of these, it'll make you smarter.
Yeah.
And it's true.
You'll learn not to eat smart pills handed to you direct from a goat's butt by my brother.
My grandfather was growing those little chili patins,
those little hot peppers.
They're about that long.
They're red and yellow.
And he said,
That's a smart berry bush.
Those berries make you smarter.
And I bit one of those.
It was like...
Scotch bonnets or something.
He's like,
See, it made you smarter already.
It made you smarter.
You just don't go back to anything.
Don't trust grandpa.
Don't trust old men.
Don't trust grandpa.
He meant it would make your tongue smart.
No, never trust grandpa.
Oh, foxy grandpa.
I'm that kind of grandpa now.
He used to call my grandmother...
A million tricks.
The old hide.
What?
He'd say...
Oh, he did.
Where's the old hide?
Yeah.
You know, look around over those shoulders.
So he'd hide from her, eh?
And then if she was nearby...
No, like she was a cow hide hanging up on the side of the barn to dry.
A cow's outside.
Where's that old baggage that's your grandmother?
Yeah.
Where's your grandma, that old hide?
Anybody seen the old hide?
That's what he'd say.
You seen the old hide?
Hmm.
I'd ask my dad.
He's like, dad, doesn't that seem weird that he calls her the old hide?
I just...
What did your dad say?
I don't remember what he said.
He'd say, no, son.
It's not weird at all.
No, it's just the way they love each other.
We're all hiding from her.
Not just your grandpa.
She was mostly deaf, so he had to scream really loud when she was in the room.
Super loud.
Super loud.
Even louder than...
Every conference day.
Well, you heard it here, folks.
I didn't hear anything.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean I can't hear?
I didn't hear what you said.
Can you say that a little louder?
I'm like David Lynch playing that detective in Fire Walk with me.
He has trouble hearing?
He was completely deaf.
He misunderstood everything anybody said to him, but then went with it.
But he could interpret the most absurd code.
What was that movie you told me to see?
The Room?
Bizarre Behavior Music has a secret message.
The Room.
Did you see that one?
The Room?
I never have.
I've been...
There was always some good movie I could see instead, so I...
You know, I have weird habits.
The way he described it, it sounded like Scarlet Love.
Oh, I know.
I know.
I'm dying to see it when I finish seeing all the good movies.
Yeah, it's hard to get through the list of good movies when there's one at the bottom of every list.
Oh.
I still watch bad movies now and then, but life is short.
Did you watch...
For most people.
Queen Crab?
No.
Never heard of Queen Crab.
I thought that was a good one.
Well, it's about this girl who...
Oh, no.
Here it goes again.
No!
She has a giant crab living on her property.
And at night it comes out of the lake and she rides it around.
But it...
Queen Crab!
So, is there any animal that hasn't been made into a really ridiculous monster movie?
Pangolin, the motion picture.
Okay.
I don't know.
Okay, well, kids, you got your walking orders, marching orders.
Night of the Leapers.
Pangolin!
With an exclamation point.
What are the most cute...
The jaws of the Pangolin.
What are the cutest animals that were made into horror animals?
Well, Night of the Leapers.
Yeah, that's the first one.
What about Wombat?
The motion picture.
Yeah.
They're kind of scary.
If you look at the skeleton, they have these huge incisors.
Teddy Bear 2.
Well, there have been a number of Teddy Bear movies.
Yeah.
Wombat has another peculiarity, which you probably don't want to discuss,
but it is a curiosity in the animal kingdom.
It's the only animal that eliminates little square feces.
Perfect cubes.
Cubic feces.
It screeches.
Which animal?
The Wombat.
Wombats.
Oh.
The Wombat.
Yes.
The shit little square cubic turds.
Little, little squares.
Little packages of turds.
Hey, back off that mic a little bit, Dr. Drummond.
Yes.
Wombat scat is one of the wonders of nature.
Little packages of turds.
All packed up.
It's just a hot range.
It just...
You can stack them.
Get rid right there.
Pile them up.
Make houses if you want to.
Just play dice.
Dr. Howell knows what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about the common Wombat.
And on the internet there are all these sites of women cuddling with Wombats.
Really?
Yes.
Oh, wow.
I need my internet now.
There are many pictures of otherwise normal appearing women in a very intimate embrace
with a Wombat.
But there's never been a monster movie about when Wombats...
When Wombats...
That love goes wrong.
Or when Wombats take the dark path.
Of course, there was the prehistoric beast known as the diprotodon.
Or that family that built a house out of Wombat turds.
A rhinoceros-sized Wombat animal, which no longer exists.
But what if a few of them do back in the outback?
Those giant turd blocks that you could make into a house.
They would leave behind...
Yes.
A concrete block-sized mementos of their passage.
Build a giant turd house.
Sea cucumber.
Yeah, what about sea cucumbers?
They're not very cute, but yeah, I haven't seen one.
Sea cucumber, exclamation mark, the motion picture.
Or...
What about gerbil?
Has there been a gerbil movie?
The gerbil.
They call him...
The gerbil.




Man-gerbil pig.
May the light of this flickering candle
Illuminate the night the way your spirit
Illuminates my soul
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you see me?
Papa, can you find me in the night?
I'm alone.

What's this moody music that's...
This is Basho.
Or Basho.
Robbie Basho.
Man, this guy's really, really good.
He's out there.
Well, years ago in Arizona...
He's so good.
We used to get high and listen to it for hours.
He's so good.
Well, if he got high, he's got to be good then.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, that's proof.
If a guy gets high, he's going to be good.
No, he doesn't, but we do.
We get high and listen to him when he's high.
And we're supposed to say that's good.
Yeah, I had to drive my truck all over Arizona,
but fortunately I had this listening.
Getting high with Robbie Basho.
And...
Of course, there have been movies made of all sorts of...
of creatures.
Frogs with Ray Milland actually was about a revolt
of smaller animals across the spectrum of the animal kingdom.
You'll be glad to know, Dr. Howell,
that I've got the poster for that movie
in my bathroom in Texas.
Frogs.
Yes, it's a picture of a frog
with a human arm hanging out of its mouth.
Never happens in the movie.
It's not giant frogs.
It's just a lot of angry frogs.
And they're heading this way.
Yeah.
Toward Ray Milland and his decaying southern...
Well, it could have been a midget.
Or is it Raymond Burroughs?
Like a really small midget that one of them ate.
Did the frogs actually get bigger?
Nope.
Nope.
They just get madder.
Yeah.
And they get even.
So it'd have to be a tiny midget then.
Then there was Squirm, the worm movie.
Adrian Barbeau is in frogs.
Well, but she's not in Squirm, is she?
Once this little black kid insisted on telling me
the whole story of Squirm and acting it out.

Somebody tell me.



Is he telling you the whole story of a movie?
Of a movie about worms.
Tell us about it, Dr. Howie.
The Squirm worms.
Tell us about it in great detail.
No, I...
This was done for me.
I'm not sure I could do it justice the way this kid did.
Just give it a shot.
No, I was in Berkeley sitting on my friend's porch
and he dropped by and...
Don't you do it.
We don't need to talk about that movie in particular.
There, of course, is the movie with the giant crawdad in it.
Oh, Teenagers from Outer Space.
Teenagers from Outer Space, yes.
A crawdad.
Aye!
They have the skeleton ray.
They point it at you and you crash to the ground as a skeleton.
Yeah, but your skeleton is held together with little visible wires.
And the neighbor's obnoxious dog comes barking.
They point their ray and it crashes into a little dog skeleton on the ground.
Did you guys have a rainstorm last night?
Anybody?
Was that a pretty good one?
Yeah?
Yeah?
There's some good lightning.
There's some good lightning and thunder there for a little bit, too.
There's another monster movie.
Rain!
Oh, wait, that's been done.
The Devil's Rain with William Shatner.
There's a classic movie called Rain about a...
Yeah, about a prostitute.
A crazy preacher who gets carried away.
In the tropics.
Yeah, it's pretty atmospheric.
And that steamy love scene.
Steamy, real steamy.
Lots of rain falling.
People bathing in barrels.
I don't remember that one.
Rain?
W. Somerset Morgham.
It doesn't have any monsters in it or explosions, so you wouldn't know.
Just rain that's constantly falling.
And Sadie is the girl.
Miss Sadie Thompson.
You may have heard about her.
Yes, she was known from Rangoon to Bombay.
Starfish, the movie.
Piranha, the Joe Dante movie, of course.
And then...
Sea Urchins.
Chinchilla, the movie.
There's some beaver-titled movie that's obviously...
Zombievers.
Zombievers, right.
Yeah, Zombievers.
That's on Netflix or Amazon or something now.
I saw the poster and went, no.
Skeeters, the one about the two-foot-long mosquitoes.
Oh, the graphic for Zombievers shows a silhouette of a woman with her legs spread out and a beaver headed her way.
So there'scop Deixaun's
And the movie is...
It quit.
Just a silent attempt to get that out there.
But, it is so goddamn short
It's a case of's scanning either itself, or your brains.
Still a f
Oh復
Give me a minute.
Give me a minute.

shows that everybody says you have to see that's why you need like five screens at once and just
multitask with your eyeballs well queen crab wasn't so bad actually oh see there's another
one i have to see queen crab well it's not easy to see if you've never seen game of thrones if
you could just do two screens at one time you could double your viewing that was like the man
who fell to earth who watched six tvs at the same time that's mr sister he does that i could do two
at the same time actually a lot of that he had he had five tvs going and a couple of radios
all the time i hated going over there i don't have anything on most of the time because i'm
i need to hear my own who was this clearly also i have an mp3 player in my head that's
loaded with really good old cuts you had that stuff going who was that
what huh who was
what

the puzzling evidence show or any given subgenius show with more than two microphones oh that
yeah i thought you were talking about someone who you went over to their house and they had
yeah they had all these monitors on tvs with the monster movies and the news and the mexican buddha
he called yeah he well he thought that uh everything was all connected to the magic mushroom
yeah tables are based on mushrooms yeah oh well there's always mushroom freaks yeah
yeah no and this is not just mushrooms is the peyote button
mushroom expert apparently the peyote button exhibits you know geometric patterns and its
design
and uh
so because of that geometry there was all this magic involved and
he could talk about it for hours i think it's all a bunch of hooey
myself he also felt that almost every logo was secretly an obvious masonic symbol
mcdonald's it's a big m duh masonic anything that was a square that i said well that's just a square
like a building because that's a pyramid scene from below man and any circular
logo that's the eye in the pyramid see the masons are everywhere i brought pretty soon
that same guy had he just about hit me because well i think they really did go to the moon
nick neil armstrong yeah i think that yeah that happened
john neal armstrong
he was about to kill me for believing that and then
And about a month later, he was insisting that not only had the government, the U.S. government, gone to the moon,
but we had slave camps there inhabiting the ancient crystal cities that you could see in the bad photo artifacts.
So the Nazis aren't doing it.
It's us who's doing it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, the conspiracy, you know.
On the strange world of the moon.
Yeah.
The shadow government, the dark government, the secret government, you know, the Rockefellers, the Bilderbergers.
The Bilderbergers.
The Bushes.
The Bilderbergers.
You know, the Clintons, you know, the Trumps, the conspiracy, the monsters, the aliens, the lizard people.
The reptoids.
The mummies.
The Assyrians.
The mummies.
Yeah, right.
The Unarians.
The Chinese and the Israelis are heading for the moon.
Yeah, the Jews.
I left out the Jews, of course.
That's why we're going.
The alien monsters.
The Easter masons.
We've been goosed into action because of the Chinese and Israelis making their moves on the moon.
So in the next ten years, the U.S. is going back in a big way to keep those others from establishing hegemon.
From PR News in Washington, I'm king of at least six people, most of them security guards.
I'm farting from upstate New York to Maine.
And the mayor of Boston staggers home.
Heavy wet farts.
That's been a benefit.
Farts today.
On Wall Street at this hour, 152.
The White House says that this is PR News from Washington.
The popular social networking internet website PR News has reached agreement with more than 45 sexual predators to protect $20 billion worth of weapons.
An Israeli official is supposed to fly within 125 miles of PR.
PR News.
PR News in Washington.
PR comes from low-income women and children and families.org.
How do you find a conspiracy?
Well, the conspiracy is not chosen.
The conspiracy chooses us.
It finds the most receptive place for us to insert our sensory tentacles into.
And we are automatically shunted.
We are automatically shunted to that place.
So the trick is not finding it, but avoiding it.
Or the trick is marrying it and getting from it what one can get while nonetheless preserving some hidden place of autonomy from it.
Oh, you mean like me and Starwood?
Yes, kind of like that.
That would be a good example.
I married that conspiracy.
I didn't know that was what was happening.
Well, Bob married Connie, after all.
You see, you can't...
avoid the conspiracy.
But you can even be intimate with it.
But it can be productive and valuable to you
as long as you surf the luck plane of slack.
Oh, finally some subgenius talk.
Yes.
Of course, only Bob doesn't fall off the board.
You will wipe out frequently.
But the important thing is to continue following the example of Bob
and surf the luck plane of slack.
And all bumps, bruises, and contusions are not...
my responsibility nor those of the Church of the Subgenius.
They are nobly acquired battle scars on your subgenial path.
Subgenius Dogma

Hmm?
Hmm?
Hmm?
Oh, what?
What?
Huh?
Huh?
Yes, it's true.
You've got to surf the luck plane.
Oh, when the subject turns to subgenius dogma, I fell completely asleep.
Let's get back to the obscure monster movies.
That sounds completely true.
Uh-huh.
I'm sorry I put you down for the obscure monster movies.
Uh-huh. Well, you see...
Uh, uh, obsession, Dr. Howell.
Well, the thing...
That's actually better than the sub...
The thing about Queen Crab is that the girl who's in it,
her parents were mad scientists who passed away,
but not before she'd acquired a dinner plate-sized pet crab
that comes up and rubs affectionately against her.
Well, sir, after about six years, this crab is the size of a small house.
It lives in the bottom of the lagoon, yonder.
It comes out every now and then
to chop people in half who don't have respect for the ecology and like that.
And also, it spawns a huge bunch of dinner-table-type crabs
which are running around on the freeway being run over by rowdy rednecks
in their big, tired vehicles.
It's quite a movie, I've got to tell you.
And in the night, the girl gets out and dances
and then she rides her giant crab through the gloom.
With special effects, stop-motion animation done by Brett Piper,
responsible also for a nymphoid barbarian in Dinosaur Hell
and Arachnia, if you've seen that one.
He's got a number of them.
He's tirelessly making movies which are then stolen by producers
and he never makes any money.
So he goes on to make the next one.
It sounds like a Mighty Joe Young kind of rip-off.
No, with a crab, yes, a crab.
Mighty Joe Wombat.
And the crab, there's this bad sheriff's deputy.
He's a bad character all around.
And after the crab pitches him in half,
the crab grabs the car and kind of impatiently, angrily shakes it.
There's a lot of character animation there.
Picks up the sheriff's pickup and slams it to the ground
in sort of crab-like petulance.
Very well portrayed.
Philo's got a sound effects thing that sounds like kids hitting cardboard boxes.
It sounds like it, yes.
Kids love to hit cardboard boxes, God bless them.
Yep, if you get out boxes and put them on your floor and kids come over,
they will be quite happy fooling around with those boxes.
I have delighted my grandsons by saving up the giant boxes
that my puffy envelopes come in
so that they can build towns out of them and tear them up
or build robot suits and then tear up towns.
It's the only thing that will get those kids off of their pads,
their iPads and YouTube.
Empty boxes.
Something they can tear up.
This is little boys, girls are probably different.
A necessary life stage for these.
Dr. Drummond, what are you doing?
Box dwelling Barbies and Kins.
Little boxes on the hillside.
He looks so innocent over there.
Yeah, he's shooting it in.
He reminds me of my dog Buddy when it's time for a walk.
He wants to get my attention.
Squawk.
Well, we were talking about gristle and Snapple and Scrapple
and all the things which we might be eating.
Yes, the hour of crap is coming to the end of its second hour.
Hour of scrap, I mean Scrapple.
The hour of digestive issues slowly assimilated and pondered over.
So we'll wipe.
Wipe the slate clean.
The alimentation.
You see, man is a food tube like all extant organisms.
One travels essentially through the food as the food travels through one.
A commensal relationship.
And at times one is food and at other times one consumes the food.
As we navigate our environment.
Food is all.
It's like the environment itself is like
the stomach of a giant creature.
Yes, rugated, pulsing and suffused with blood.
You see, food is organic in nature.
But everything else is inorganic.
There is no dirt, nothing unclean without food.
But there is no life without food either.
Otherwise you have utterly clean crystal mineral formations.
Rock with no bacteria, no water, no air.
Just mineral perfection.
And friends, that's what the world would be like without Slack and Bob and the Church
of the Subgenius.
For more information on this show, Bob Dobbs and five other Subgenius shows and how to
become a member and a minister, you can see subgenius.com.
And remember kids to always eat your Scrapple.
Price Bob.
However, off the public supported Airways
I can tell you to send thirty five dollars or you will die on X day or something much,
much worse.
And if you already have become a subgenius minister and gotten that huge twenty five
piece membership kit with button and bumper stickers and ministers card and membership

many frameable certificates and lots of dog's heads,
you might not have the book of the subgenius or Neighborworld
or even our world-famous pamphlets.
Over 100,000 sold!
Well, not Neighborworld, about 80 of those, right?
But come on, man!
A thing?
For that matter, there's fast clothing designs and drinkware
with subgenius graphics on them
and all manner of fine dobsware and dobs gimmickry.
We have Bob Daggetts and DVDs of movies, good and bad ones,
mostly pretty good and very weird,
and CDs of what we did before the radio shows and after,
like stage shows and such.
Boy, it's just an immense mess of keen and yet sacred collectibles,
enjoyables and guilty pleasures.
And the book of the subgenius is autographed when you get it from us.
Not by Bob, no, sorry, just me.
Anyway, thank you, friends, and good night or good day or whatevs.
Praise Bob.
