Yes dear friends WCSB Cleveland thank you African abstract
now you can that's not bad that's a pretty good
it's harder for women to do that because it utilizes the Adam's apple it does yeah
if you if you do it the way I do yeah some people don't have to use their fingers
I do that with my finger that's the subgenius salute friends
and you know what to do it's radiothon it's pledge drive time it's uh and the number to call
is 216-687-6900 princess we is going to be answering the phones uh but just in case you
don't take us seriously we're going to be answering the phones uh but just in case you
don't take us seriously we're going to be answering the phones uh but just in case you
doing things a little bit differently this time I'm going to play some of my favorite music
for the first 15 minutes or so and there won't be anything funny or
subgeniously so this is a real good time to call you can talk to princess we and give your pledge
I think Charleston and uh Joel will also be here so so here goes
the radio
remember make it work
the hour of slug so you did bust it stations aren't strong enough in the daytime tonight
it'll work tonight it's better can't you smell it we'd like to do everybody want to
stand up this time everybody must stand up because we we's all Americans over the song
we are Americans you can do this you can do that this is for everybody
together that actually I'd like to do all the American anthem the way it really is in the air
what you breathe every day the way it really sounds
let's do it
get your voting they're
waving
morning
so
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Bob told me, anybody who doesn't listen to the hour of slack sucks.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
I thought I'd hit the ground
Back in the ground, baby
On my own, baby
But you still shoot me down, baby
Back in the ground, back in the ground
The same way you shoot me down, baby
You'll be going just the same
Three times the pain
And you're all set to play
Yeah, yeah, yeah, shoot me down
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
On the yard, there stands a mother
Self-enclosed in the sun to fight your war
guitar solo
On the yard, there stands a mother
Self-enclosed in the sun to fight the war
guitar solo
But Lord, I'm her lover
I'm her lover
And we don't make no child to fight no war
guitar solo
So let your bullets pour down like rain
And catcalls breathe no pain
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Let your bullets fly like rain
Let it fly, let it fly like rain
Cause not all the time you're wrong, baby
And you'll be going just the same
Three times the pain
And your own self to blame
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Lord, no shingles
Here comes the end of the tunnel
I'm afraid to say
Please don't you tell me
I ordered the Kabul train
to send the people back
for you
ultra-violence, much better we entice thee to give of thine dang and pretty poly of thine like own
free will. Surely thou canst phone in real scory-like and lay upon this malinky milk station
a Sammy donation or pledge, as it were, so as to keep our rots goverating and our fuzzy warbles
playing horror show shooms, angel trumpets, and devil trombones on the like airwaves forever and
ever. Slushy the Cali-Vonnie-Cal of the other stations, those grumpy commercial Cal stations
that play only like gloopy teeny pop-veshes and grasny-grazy bandas and groupas and all
repetitive to make it worse. Don't make us screech and croak for your pretty poly.
Can you spare some cutter, me brothers? 216-687-6900.
And dear friends, the subgenius premium, that is anything you pledge will get you this,
well, anything over five bucks. How's that? The subgenius pamphlet number one. Even if you
might possibly have one of those already, don't you need a cleaner, nicer one to photocopy for
all your droogies? Oh, my brothers. But were thou to pledge $50 or more,
your premium will be not just that pamphlet.
Yes, the WCSB type premiums I'm about to enumerate. But the subgenius gold card. Yes, I managed
to locate the dwindling stack. There really aren't very many of them, but it's like the
subgenius minister's card, but in plastic, like a credit card, all gold and orangey and
red, ready, ready for you to perform marriages and so forth. Well, it's not really a subgenius
membership, but it looks like one.
And it looks better than the, actually, I like the old school cards better, but hey,
somebody posted a photo of one of those things on Facebook and all of a sudden we're all,
everybody wants one. But you know what I want? If I were pledging to the station,
along with that subgenius pamphlet, when you call 687-6900 in the United States in the area code of
216.
I pledge $25 and get me a bunch of WCSB frequency modulated Schwarz beer, which is actually
a very dark beer. You can get a twin pack with just two bottles of it or an engraved
pint glass. And one bottle of this incredibly, it's actually really strong. It's like 10%,
I think. They were serving it at the Halloween masquerade ball and I took advantage of it
and it'll take advantage of you if you let it creep up on you.
on you. I didn't. But you know how it can be. Why, if you're a bit more of a humble persuasion
and can only afford a $15 donation, you can get a choice of a WCSB pint glass, a WCSB Pangea coffee
mug. Yes, a coffee mug made in Pangea. WCSB coffee beans. I'm not sure about that one.
Two WCSB ashtrays or a felt vintage pennant for you penitents to whip yourselves with. A WCSB
felt pennant, like something you'd see on the wall of a college dorm room or something. $20
can get you a WCSB white travel mug or a WCSB black and blue pom-pom hat, whatever that is,
or a WCSB scarf. And friends, you can see these things.
You can get these premiums much better than I can if you go to WCSB.org and follow the Radiothon
links. You may have to use your eyes to look right and left and maybe even use your finger
to scroll down. I'm not sure, but it must be there somewhere. $25 gets you a WCSB t-shirt,
unisex. Actually, there's several different versions. There's a women's skull shirt and a
men's skull shirt.
No extra large left, unfortunately. Or a half pound of coffee and a WCSB Pangea coffee mug.
Mm-hmm. And like I say, several different, there's a softball t-shirt and the new 2014 WCSB design.
$30 premium, big bubble umbrella for WCSB with a blue logo. My family has one of those big umbrellas.
$35 premium, a WCSB silver lunch.
Pallet. No, I would be coveting one of those. Or the pom-pom hat and scarf combo.
The $50 premium gets you a zip-up scribble hoodie in forest green with a white cursive logo.
And WCSB, or not and, but or WCSB set of four pint glasses. But get this. Then there's the
limited number gift certificate.
And they go all over the place. For instance, for $15, there's the happy dog, the jukebox, which is a bar.
Now that's class. Sweet spot gelato, taco, tantos, $10 certificate.
Wilbert's Music and Food for $20. You get the gift certificate for $15 or so.
From A.J. Rocco's or B. Oh, no. B.A. Sweetie's gone and the beet jar's gone already.
My mind's eye. And now that's class.
And so forth. $25 pledge at to WCSB, which by the way, the number being 216-687-6900 is eminently callable right now.
Don't you want to talk to Charleston or Joe or Brother Love or Princess We?
They're waiting for your calls for those gifts.
But here's the coolest gifts.
Get up to the $60 and $100 and $140 pledges.
For instance, the $140 pledge gets you a Beachland Ballroom Seamster Pass.
You can just live at the Beachland Ballroom.
And this is our greatest and fullest pledge premium.
The biggest thing WCSB offers.
Drumroll, please.
Drumroll, please. It's from the Starwood Festival.
For a $250 pledge, you get two...
adult weekend passes, which is worth $270, friends.
So you're safe. This is the cheapest way you'll ever be able to go to Starwood.
Yes, Starwood Festival, which happens the week after the world ends, X Day Festival,
July 10th through Monday the 13th.
If the world ends, I, Reverend Stang, personally will make sure that you get to attend Starwood on my escape vessel.
Because we will save the Wisteria Campground.
And...
I'm a local.
I live in the heart of the San Francisco region, near Athens in southeast Ohio.
If you've never been to a Starwood...
well...
I've heard people say the same thing about it as they say to Burning Man.
I wouldn't be caught dead there!
But those are idiots who say that, who've never been there, and think they know what it is.
And they don't.
If I had a chance, I'd go to Burning Man every day.
And...
if I had a chance, I'd go to Starwood every hour.
and there's a million reasons for it
because at that outdoor festival
you would get to enjoy everything from giant puppets
yes, giant puppets I said
to concerts on four stages
and these concerts are all kinds
rock and roll to folk music, world music
and a lot of drumming
classes, workshops and ceremonies
a subgenius revival
I always do my best preaching at Starwood
and there's nightly drumming and free range creativity
and I think you know what that means
don't you boys and girls
that means shirtlessness
among the part of people who normally
don't go shirtless in some cases
and all kinds of other fun stuff
multimedia shows in the puffer dome
which has to be seen to be described
or believed or anything
and it all ends at a gigantic huge bonfire
on Saturday night
and any free thinker or
any free thinker or
religious nut
would love this special gift
that's right
free weekend passes to Starwood
for only two passes
for only a $250 pledge
that's the cheapest way
you can get to this week long festival
in July
I'll certainly be there
Princess, we will be there
even like I say
even if the world ends
at any time
at X Day Festival
just prior to Starwood
we will guarantee you
a Starwood experience nonetheless
I should probably
promise Burning Man too
but I can't really do that
yes dear friends
I forgot to mention while we were
live on the air that
those of you who happen to hear
this show by internet
the
pledge drive or
radiothon will continue through the next few days
through Sunday
November 16th
and
you can
donate if you want to
if you go to wcsb.org
and click on the big word radiothon
it will
show you how to donate
also
there is a button
on the home page of
subgenius.com
and also on the
hour of slack page
which by the way has logs and copies of all the shows that we have on the website

and you can donate there
we would actually be real happy
if you donated directly to the church
and
to WCSB
the address of WCSB
if you want to send a check
you would make that to
WCSB
slash CSU
foundation
P.O. Box
931
WCSB.org






848
that's
931
848
in Cleveland
Ohio
44101
dash
8656
and thank you and praise Bob
and now back to wherever
I inserted this
now let's see
before something else happens
I should mention
who is the pastor of the church

who has called in so far
and pledged
friends
you know
Dr.
yeah you all know Dr.
Dark
you go to his
you go to his drive-in
every
X day
Dr.
Dark's drive-in
he was
as a generous
pledger
it's his
what a 64th
birthday today
so he pledged
63 64
tomorrow
oh tomorrow
so it's he's on the
cuff
the cusp
the cusp

of his
birthday
yes
and by the way
incidentally friends
Dr. Dark will be
an unusual sort of guest star
on the next
canned hour of slack
which was recorded
at 7 a.m.
July 5th
of what the conspiracy
calls the year 2014
last summer
he has been with us
at every time
we've ever gone to meet
the saucers
which has been a total
of 19 times
boy howdy
20th of July
and we're going to
be the charm
no doubt
but the next show
is the 7 a.m.
recording and the
great Dr.
Dark will drive
you as crazy as he
just about drove me
that morning with his
his subgenius
superpower which I think
we discussed last week
which is well you'll
see you'll see
yeah it's more of a
super villain power
if you ask me
Dr. Dark
superpower so and
also who else oh
I'm not sure






I didn't realize
a lot of people
like me
and I think
I'm going to
I'm going to
be a little
bit more



a little more
more
a little more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
more
to the African Abstract Hour.
I was asked if there was a limit on those gold cards.
We changed it.
Okay, so there is a limit on those, huh?
Well, I have a feeling we're not going to get enough $50 pledgers
to max out those gold cards.
If we do get that many, heck, I'll borrow money from the station
and have more of them made.
Anyway, I wouldn't worry about that too much.
It must be 20 or 30 of those things.
I doubt if we'll get that.
But see, that is what you get.
Oh, and what else have we got here?
Could it be Lone Slump, Adi Naki, Cowboy Dave already?
It's the naughtiest eye bag you ever dreamed of
because tonight I'm going to sell hot and nude, buddy.
I'm going to move some product tonight.
I'm talking about giveaways for honoring the memory of Lonesome Planet WCSB
where the commensurate arguments are all made.
Commensurate?
I thought I was.
The commensurate arguments.
Commensurate, commensurate, commensurate.
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, Lonesome, Cowboy Dave,
I pronounced your name incorrect, Nadsat, as Adi Naki, Cowboy Dave.
Adi Naki being the Nadsat for Lonesome.
Isn't that funny?
Oh, I read the classic again for like my ninth time.
Last week, A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess.
And watch the movie again.
And you know how it creeps a little Malenki way into your Rasoodoc
where you can't stop gover-eating that way.
I think it's a high-tech logic because you're crasting some pretty poly and all that stuff.
Well, that's what we're trying to do.
We're trying to craft some pretty poly from our listeners who are our sleuthiers.
Can you spare some cutter me, brother?
I did get to use that line.
Can you spare us?
Some cutter me, brothers.
It's no world for an old man in his land.
Men spinning around the moon and no attention paid to earthly law and order no more.
Ah, do me in, you young bastards.
Oh, and what's so stinking about it?
I saw that movie when I was 18 and it got stuck in my head.
And I can see why Anthony Burgess...
Burgess has since disavowed that novel because due to the movie,
most people think it glorifies violence.
Yes, and many people do not know that Anthony Burgess,
also the idea for all the, what you call it, speak in there,
the rucified words was the premise that the Soviets were beaming subliminal messages in Russian.
At the same time, we were already...
No.
The first came out, supposedly.
Right.
Beaming subliminal messages towards the East, so to speak.
And very few people realize that, but it was one of the four words in prologuey things there.
Yeah, I read that too.
I also read that he wrote Clockwork Orange in three weeks.
It's kind of a knockoff and he thinks it's terrible.
Whereas everybody else thinks it's one of the best novels in the English language.
Although it's only halfway in the English language.
Very, very, very predictive in many ways.
No kidding.
It was written in, what, 1960 or something?
And predicted the world around 1990 of the Wilding Youth Games.
And a lot of times they started showing it again and stuff
when all the Wilding Youth Games were happening in the mid-90s.
Believe me, they're tall-talking some old...
Oh, yeah.
Some starry old...
VAC over in Collinwood right now.
Yeah.
It's past the social demarcation limit.
And that means that there's no further use for it in the news brain.
It's just been...
Well, anyway, friends, that's why you need to spend every last tiny bit of dang and cutter
you can muster up on beautiful WCSB by calling 216-687-7000.
6-9-0-0.
6-8-7.
You owe us nothing to listen to these beautiful autocratic monograms
that come out every Saturday.
Right.
Yeah.
And for this, all we ask is a small pittance of your listening hood.
It's a part of your brain that's not really fully functional at all times.
When you turn on the radio, you're like, oh, my God.











They don't do that anymore, do they?
Or do they still do that?
Sure, they still do that.
And in fact, you can't hear it clearly as it could be had we a new board, a studio soundboard.
I'm looking at this rugged, loyal old board, but it is kind of old and bored.
And we need an exciting new soundboard.
Also, did you know that that house...
Halloween masquerade ball that WCSP puts on is free.
All those rock bands and the crazy looking people and stuff.
Which actually, I put the pictures on subgenius.com, but I can't tell the audience how to get to it.
I guess if you look at our events page, I may have put a link there.
I can't remember.
Anyway, we did get some pictures and so did WCSB and everything was crazy and hideous and funny.
But it...
We can't keep doing that for nothing, folks.
The college doesn't...
Cleveland State doesn't pay for everything.
The government doesn't pay for nothing.
So we need your hip.
We need your hip, hip cats.
If a station like WCSB were to go down, say perhaps to Mexico or in part of either one of the other plants,
near the equator anyway, it would have to be...
And that would mean necessarily...
People just haven't done their duty by calling 667-5900 and pledging right now because they're listening to it.
That little clicky metal device that we have installed when we're about six years old that we don't know about.
It won't work if you don't listen to this station.
And if you don't listen to this station...
I said that wrong, didn't I?
I don't know, but it doesn't matter.
It came out fine.
And the point is...
They better get on their stick and off of their duff.
I see Princess Wee writing something down, but Brother Love and Charleston are just pacing around,
ready to get in a fistfight out of boredom.
So y'all need to get off that...
Your doofus or duff or tuckuses or whatever those...
Your nay-nays.
And don't be a naysayer.
Be a yaysayer.
Say yay, Bob.
Yay, subgenius.
Yay, Hour of Slack.
And yay, WCSB, which has been playing the Hour of Slack at 9 o'clock Sunday nights since, I think, 1989?
We were on that other college station for a while.
And the Case Western station.
And...
But then I think Brother Mike Cole got us on.
To WCSB.
And they stuck it at 9 o'clock at night.
And pretty soon, I just couldn't stay in Texas and just mail those cassettes in.
I had to move up here, marry the Starwood Festival, and...
And lift them stamps in the cold.
Right.
And, uh...
Jungle Jim.
Oh, the Jungle Jim thing.
I'm not going to play that tonight unless that was...
I mentioned that to you earlier.
That's a last resort if there's no callers at all.
We'll just play an old radio play about Jungle Jim.
Which happens to have Bob and Connie as characters in it.
Well, I was going to ask one teeny tiny small little teeny small question.
And that would be...
How much...
You know, we need to support our station, but it's not like you're going to get nothing.
There's all kinds of cool stuff that you get back.
Or not get back.
What's the word?
What's the word?
You are reimbursed or not?
No, not reimbursed.
No.
What is it?
What is the...
The premiums.
Well, we did go into all the premiums of which there are like the coffee mugs and T-shirts
and hoodies and giant umbrellas and...
Did you hear that one of the premiums for $250, you not only get to keep your ears,
but you get to go to Starwood twice.
Or two people go to Starwood Festival, which normally costs more than $250 for two people.
So...
Oh, my God.
Yeah, yeah.
That's like...
That's like for $250, you can finally lose your virginity, geeks.
That's what we're offering you.
I don't know if I've spelled that out fully enough.
Actually, I shouldn't say that.
That's not guaranteed.
It's just your virginity as a monster lover or as one of those...
Right.
Dave, how long have you been doing stuff on this station?
Oh, I thought you were going to say things with monsters.
Well, you talked about the first telethon in 1989 that you were on.
I was on there.
Well, I know you were here when I first came to Cleveland in the early 90s.
Princess Wee said, there's this crazy show on ESO Swamp Radio.
And there's these crazy guys.
They did this crazy comedy.
And they're crazy.
And you should go be on that show.
And she set it up.
I think it was her.
Yeah.
And I walked in.
And it was a marriage made in hell.
I'm sorry.
But that's worth a cup.
That's worth a WCSB cup.
I don't know how many times I've reached into my seat and pulled out a WCSB cup.
And just looked at it and went like, WCSB 89.3.
Can you believe it?
You know, I was like reading it and stuff like that.
I think it's a very powerful emotional experience for those of you.
This is beyond what public radio.
I mean, just think of the amounts of money they generate for playing classical music.
Why would you hear a fair such as this?
Which calms the spirit and opens up new swords in the forehead.
He said, or she said.
That was very poetical.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Say that with confidence because I didn't really hear anything you said.
Princess, we came in and handed me this pledge thing.
Apparently, Reverend Fight C.
Taj, I can tell from this pledge sheet, has moved for one thing.
To Kansas.
And Reverend Fight C.
Taj is going to have him a subgenius gold card in his pocky pock pretty soon.
I've got to remember to write these names down.
And because I'm.
The one who has to mail off the gold cards, not the station.
And he's getting a WCSB unisex zip up scribble hoodie for a screen with white cursive logo.
Those are really cool.
Everybody knows that.
And he is going to send in a money order or a check rather than coming to WCSB open house Friday, November 21st, 4 to 8 p.m.
or Sunday, November 23rd.
Yes, we'll be here.
We have to be here one of those days.
Maybe.
Maybe twice.
We'll be pounding out the spunk for the overall mench, but you don't really exist anymore, do you?
You know what I mean?
Behem bahore de kapai.
Yeah, yeah.
The WCSB open house.
Dave, those are strange parties.
I wish you could come to one.
You meet the listeners and they look just like you would think from listening to them.
That's the amazing thing.
You meet the listener and they go, oh, I'm listener A.
And you go, I thought you would.
That's you look just like.
I thought you'd look.
Well, many of them must be extremely overweight then if they look like.
Actually, yes, there are many cases in which I could say.
Yeah, but see, we don't know who most of them what most of them sound like unless they call in to the talk shows.
Not this one, but the subsequent show synesthesia.
It used to be an insult to say, hey, man, you've got a great body for radio.
Well, you've got a great.
Right.
Right.
For radio.
And people don't realize that anymore because you can't really.
Most faces are not so emboldened lately.
They're usually like really hazy, roosty, ghost like.
But anyway, you know, more the point.
They always they want to go beyond the super subscription rates.
You can just plug in anything they can find in a frying pan at six, eight, seven.
Sixty nine hundred.
That's two and six for those who listen to me.
Four, four, zero and three.
Three zero codes at this time or the parts of the country.
Oh, Princess.
We has brought me up.
She brought me brought me a note that says gold cards.
The subgenius gold cards are drawing donations like flies.
Because here's Reverend Sigmund Void of Cleveland with made his fifty dollar donation.
Yeah.
You know, we're going to have to make our own copies of these addresses.
OK.
Because it's going to be.
It's going to be up to me to send those cards out.
OK.
No.
No.
Groovy, man.
Groovy.
Praise Reverend Sigmund.
Was that Void?
Sigmund Void.
Sigmund Void.
And and friends, you could have your name called out on the radio, but you have to do it in the next 15 minutes.
We won't.
We promise we won't say anything funny for the next 15 minutes.
We're just going to say this number.
Two one six.
Six, eight, seven.
Sixty nine hundred.
Over and over and over.
Over and over.
Over and over again.
Well, perhaps there might be a little bit of air to explain, you know, what's going to happen later after around one in the morning when the world explodes.
I guess we're not supposed to talk about it yet.
No.
If I were if I expected to live tomorrow, ensure the sun will rise again, as it usually does.
I would certainly send any kind of contribution that I could possibly come up with.
Like, what's what's the minimum?
Twenty five.
Fifteen.
Oh, no, I'm afraid there.
I don't think we've been told a minimum.
I've given a minimum of five dollars if they want a one dollar subgenius pamphlet.
Those things cost more than a dollar to print these days.
I know that's especially if you have like those old mimeograph machines, like once again with the pig ears on each side.
So there's more easy manipulation.
I actually had a hand cranked mimeograph machine when I was a teenager.
So I could print my sci fi fantasy scene.
So that's a nerd pedigree, dude.
I was a nerd before it was super uncool.
And you still are before it's super uncool.
Cool.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm I could I keep some of my nerdly interests off of the show because I don't want to gross out the the people who play cooler video games.
Yeah, well, you know, I have more nerds than me.
But let's let's not talk about the let's not get lost in the doctrine friends.
Let's talk about something that blesses our heart.
Your money helping this station.
This is the only time we get to act like a regular religion and money grub.
Do you understand that?
No.
If I could, were we, for instance, buying airtime in the deep south and ripping off illiterate little old ladies?
We'd be talking about money.
Send money to Bob.
Bob, send money for your subgenius membership.
It's thus and such much money.
Quick, send it.
We're a prosperity ministry, a prosperity ministry.
You'll get back what you put in tenfold, a thousand times over, and Bob will bless your heart.
Well, we don't get to do that except for the station.
We can't do it for Bob.
We can't do it for ourselves.
We have to do it for the station.
So, friends, make us feel better about that.
Make us feel better about that fact.
Go ahead and give some money to the station.
Dave nor I will ever see a penny of it except in the form of getting to see you listeners in person more often,
seeing you at Starwood, seeing people wear those lovely T-shirts, and we'll be looking at a shiny—
Knowing that somebody cares about us, Reverend Ivan Sangus,
there's so many Americans out there wondering what their next meal might bring them,
and they only have one hope, and that one hope is—
is WCSB.
If they could, they would give all they could, but so few of them have very little left to remain them.
They are—let's see if I can remember correctly.
See this name?
No, that's not—I'm afraid it's not a name.
Fight C. Taj, Dr. Dark, Reverend Diaz, Reverend Void.
Those were the names that I had intended to say originally.
I think everything has been updated.
As about five minutes ago, I—
Look at those phone lines light up!
Oh, my God!
Oh, the callers!
Actually, that is not true.
It looks like Charles is putting on his coat.
It's a—
Oh, well.
He's red, though.
He's fixing to leave because there's just no calls coming in.
Friends, don't you want to talk in person to these fabulous, famous DJs?
Princess Wee and Brother Love and Charleston Okafor?
Lonesome Cowboy Dave?
Well, you can't talk to him.
He can only talk to me, and I can only talk to him.
In fact, we're not allowed to talk to anybody but each other.
Friends, don't you want to feel the power of WCSB and your internia and your externia
right below the navel as they sit in Zebediah 10-5-7-42-39 girls who come before a—oh,
I'm sorry.
Please.
Please.
This is a slack ministry, friends.
This is a slack ministry and a prosperity ministry.
What's better than money?
Slack.
Slack will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times
of no slack.
To paraphrase the fabulous furry freak brothers, copyright 1970, Gilbert Shelton, Paul Mavridis,
Dave Sheridan.
Dave Sheridan of Cleveland, by the way.
Paul Mavridis of Akron, by the way.
Gilbert Shelton of Austin.
By the way.
But he also went to Cleveland Institute.
Oh yeah?
Yup.
Gilbert Shelton did?
Yeah.
Did you know that I've personally met Gilbert Shelton, the cartoonist, and jammed
with him?
And he looked at us like, why are you guys playing terrible music?
Why don't you play good music?
But he didn't understand the—
You should have just told him, why are you drawing funny characters instead of you should
be drawing—
They were fun characters.
They were fun.
Like Hitler's architecture drawing.
These are just so beautiful.
I think the Führer was at least a great architectural drawing guy.
The Führer?
Despite his other flaws.
But, you know, we all have some wagons to do.
I saw a movie of Hitler riding a Tyrannosaurus today and meeting Sarah Palin.
He's a top—
Honest to God, I saw this in a movie.
It's a trailer for Iron Sky 2.
The first movie—
And they took the propaganda photos of Hitler as a Teutonic Knight or what was it, in the
Birth of a Nation, where the guy's riding there with his Ku Klux Klan uniform on and
he gets that from there or something?
Well, he looks kind of old and unnaturally preserved, and he's talking to Sarah Palin,
who's the President of the United States.
I'm not kidding.
This trailer opens with Sarah Palin looking out the window of the White House and watching
a nuclear bomb explode in the distance.
She then immediately jumps into the helicopter that's ready for her and they take off and
fly her to the North Pole.
She goes down a special elevator to the inside of the Hollow Earth and who meets her at the
doorway but Hitler riding a Tyrannosaurus with a sort of a futuristic Atlantis-looking
city in the background and the sun at the core of the Hollow Earth shining in the inverted
sky.
Sarah Palin meets Hitler in Iron Sky 2, which I think comes out in a year and a half, because
they're still making it.
That series is made in Finland.
That's a Finnish series, the Iron Sky movies about Nazis on the moon.
A Finnish television service?
No, it's a movie, a series of movies now that there's two of them.
A series of movies?
Yeah, Iron Sky.
If I ever see you again in person, I'll have to show it to you because you'd love it.
It's hilarious.
Many Finnish films are.
Many Finnish films are.
I was going to tell you a Finnish swear word that's popular in these parts.
Your friend over there in Germany...
No, that would be Large Some Cowboy the Large in Finland.
The Large Man.
Man, we haven't played any of his stuff in a while.
Ever since I met him, I haven't played any Large stuff.
But he hasn't said much Large stuff either, so we'll see.
We'll work it out.
Call him Bustahosa when you see him because that means Poo Poo Pants.
Oh, yeah, Bustahosa.
What is that?
Bustahosa?
Bustahosa.
Bustahosa.
Yeah.
Okay, Bustahosa Poo Poo Pants.
And Bustahosa means...
We need some more collages or reruns.
Oh my gosh, it's like five minutes left for people to call 216-687-6900.
Did you tell them about the Angry Fish that we were going to give them or any of the other
primes?
For your $5,000 pledge, we will send you by slow mail an Angry Fish.
He'll be really angry after three weeks of delivery time.
216-687-6900.
That's 6900.
Or you could just maybe get a little bag of prawns.
It would have worked better.
Now, friends, you can always come to the station itself near downtown Cleveland on Friday,
November 21st, afternoon, or Sunday, November 23rd, noon, noon to four.
I don't know which one we'll be at.
We always have dinar with Ms. Star Sistar on Friday evenings, but we always have show
on Sunday evenings.
So we don't know.
Maybe we'll have to be a part of both.
They'd beat us if we don't...
If station volunteers don't come to do these fun things.
I've seen the scars.
You've shown me the weapons you've got from...
Yeah, we have to.
They call it a form of hazing.
Even after all the whiskers you've got, you've been a station member for 29 years or something
like that.
Oh, yeah.
I still...
They go a little easier on us than some, but I can't push my luck.
Yeah, but I think the big jokes you made about your colostomy bag and some of the other...
That's not funny.
It's not a joke.
It's not funny.

I didn't say it was funny or a joke.
I said the joke...
Yeah, maybe I did.
But I meant them making fun of you for carrying it around and not really using it.
Are you talking about my one testicle?
It is huge.
No, I was...
I kind of...
I'm not really using it for what it's supposed to be used for, no.
I don't do other men's testicles unless I'm forced to.
I'm rid of habeas corpus.
I'm crying out loud.
We're all warriors.
We should know better than that.
Well, it looks like Dr. Sinister is coming in to start setting up for his setup of the listeners to...
So you did feel the temperature in the room drop?
Yeah, it kind of...
It is cold in here.
Yeah, well, Dr. Sinister...
Is that what it is?
He just sucks the life and heat out of everything.
What are you doing, man?
What are you doing, Dr. Sinister?
Why are you controlling the environment like that?
He can't hear you.
Oh.
Now I can.
Oh.
Well, I just wonder why you can...
How and why you can control the environment, and what do you expect to prove with these...
I didn't say I could control the environment.
...wieldy little prowling experiments who are taking part in your love.
I can't say that...
I didn't say I control the environment.
If I had control over it, I would bring rainbows and sunshine and warmth to every living soul
on earth or ever and whenever I entered the room, but as it turns out, I just have this
unfortunate trait where the temperature drops.
Oh.
I'm sorry.












I got one in my nose.




And I'm the last person here who has noticed that.





I think it's probably getting darker and it gets dark.
That's creepy.
Well that'd be...
Barometrically speaking, that could be a good, good sign.
Like, as far as looking for a portent for the future.
Like we were to look for a portent.
They said in Heisenberg when he used to walk in a room, the clocks would go backwards.
So that must be, you are able to, turn off street lights and make people's braking systems
and go off and stuff like that.
And it's probably like a Carrie-like character or something.
Nobody knows about it.
Well, I do know one thing.
The show's over.
Thank you for calling, Dave.
And thank you all seven or eight pledgers.
I mean, seven or 800 pledgers that we got.
And I'm going to switch to the canned old Pledge Drive shows.
As fresh as Harvest Day.
Yeah.
Praise God.
Thanks, Dave.
Bye.
They're here.
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky.
The subgenius hour of black.
And here we got brains the whole operation.
Faster signal goes up.
Here's the satellite.
We bump it out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too familiar with it, myself.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Because Mr. Moneybags, he's paying a salary.
Hey.
Salary.
He throws in 100 bucks a week and consequently I can't preach against drinking because his
icebox is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
I can't preach against cigarettes because they all smoke.
For me.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes between Sunday school and worship service so they
can go out and light up a Chesterfield or something or the end of it.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart.
Close your mind.
Unzip your lips.
And bend over.
Because you're about to receive the word of Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledge drive time.
Praise Bob.
It's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance, folks.
I thought you boys understood.
It's business.
That's all it is.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore.
No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything.

The whole damn planet.
They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having a good for a change?
And they're going to let us have a good if we just help them.
They're going to leave us alone.
Let's make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
Now, I know you want it.
Hell, everybody does.
He's going to make a million dollars.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,






