At the moment I'm thinking about my reputation.
You're going to marry me, Bob.
Listen, I've told you how it's going to be and you might as well get used to the idea.
Because if I have to, I'll smear you, Bob.
I'll ruin you for...
The Hour of Slack.
Bob?
Bob?
My conscience has a thousand several tongues.
And every tongue brings in a several tail.
And every tail condemns me for a normal.
I am normal, you know. I'm just as normal as anybody else.
Bob, if you're restless, why don't you go bowling?
I don't know.
Why don't you go to the men's gym tonight and play some badminton?
Bye.
Bye.
Who's that?
This is absolutely insane.
Bob?
Must have been out of my mind.
Didn't you hear me?
I never intended for it to go this far.
I don't know how I could have been so incredibly stupid.
Bob?
That's ridiculous.
I don't know.
Have we really stopped it?
These days you'll be sprinkled all over yourmund.
You'll be flourishing!
You've noises and your
stupid voice.
Bob?


I'm keeping an eye on you.
Where are you?
the phoenix create a pure moment create a pure moment
up from the ashes rises the phoenix create a pure moment rises the phoenix
create a pure moment
create a pure moment
create a pure moment
up from the ashes rises the phoenix create a pure moment rises the phoenix
create a pure moment
create a pure moment
from pr news in washington on broken florida it's rare to linger in the south on fruit and
vegetable crops nato has killed six who were killed dead deadly deadliest
an al-qaeda linked muslim cleric says it will get warmer soon stocks are six six four seven
north korea says this is pr news from washington in wichita kansas killing a doctor who provided a
hospital for the dead in a hospital in wichita kansas killing a doctor who provided a doctor who
has been delayed until wednesday meantime the balloon boy has pr news
phone yeah
but his warped brain is clever uh right why not why not what what what who yeah yes yes maybe
probably maybe uh-huh that's all
that's all
it's probably the one you heard too much i guess


kill me
kill me kill me
what do you mean you know what i mean
music
music
bockhim
punch
present

linear




kinest dedicates music CC subtitles

I miss you so. Where have you gone to? Ocadio, Ocadio.
Ocadio, Ocadio.
Wasn't it yesterday I held you tight? Why did you run away just before our wedding night?
Ocadio, Ocadio. I miss you so.
Where have you gone to? Ocadio, Ocadio.
My darling, my darling, what changed your mind?
My heart is broken.
I heard you cry Ocadio.
Ocadio, Ocadio.
Ocadio, Ocadio.
Ocadio, Ocadio.
What a freak!
He wants to be smart, but that's lame!
I wanted to run away that day.
But you can't run away from your own feet.
You can't run away from your own feet, dear friends.
That was a tiny little clip there from that cartoon movie called
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs,
which I was surprised to find was a really bull-dada surreal movie, visually,
since it's about junk food raining from the sky.
And...
There was a lot of subgenius influence in that movie.
The music was by Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh,
and Reverend Bruce Campbell did the villain's voice.
Did a great job of it.
Oh, she's villainous.
Before that, O'Connie, that ancient song, that was for real,
and I don't know who it's by, because it didn't end up on this sheet of paper.
But I know that we have it because of the great Fernanda Nande, Lee Murr.
And Lee Murr did almost everything else.
I heard from the beginning of the show,
the titles and most of the collages there.
He even produces PR news.
Except for a one-and-a-half-minute stretch by Local Color,
who has been sending us some great stuff lately.
Local Color.
And, uh...
And?
And, uh, yes, yes, yes, we're actually live in the station this time.
Yippee!
And expecting...
more guests to appear, some way or another.
Princess We is here.
By magic.
And, uh, actually, the great Halim El-Dawb and his wife Deborah are both here,
having just done a show with Kamir, so...
It's a slack-imbued room.
Actually, I'm lying.
Princess We and I have had a rough day.
Ha ha ha!
And as soon as this show is over, we are going to get smashed.
We're going to go find an atom smasher
and get our atoms collided somehow or another.
Even if we have to stay up all night, we're going to get some rest.
I swear it.
We shall rest.
And that'll be fun.
Ha ha ha!
Yee-haw, yee-haw, hi-haw!

Um...
Actually, it's been pretty slack.
It's been pretty slackful up till, till, uh, today.
It has been.
Well, Princess We retired.
I didn't.
But the fact that she was still in bed when I woke up every morning
meant that every day was Saturday.
And until today, it has been Saturday for two weeks, as far as I'm concerned.
It's not Saturday today because today is a show day.
And that's different.
I have to be on my best behavior.
It's a work day.
It's kind of work slack.
That's my favorite kind of slack, actually.
I'm looking at the, uh, computer screen in front of me that says that we have several people streaming the show.
There are more people streaming the high-res than the low-res version.
One of those people streaming is me.
If you're streaming Cleveland radio, you're a Cleveland streamer, man.
Ha ha ha!
I've been wanting to use that one for a while.
Yeah.
That was a bad one.
Apparently, the Cleveland...
Oh, so long, Halim, Deborah, everybody.
Princess We is showing them out.
I'm watching for invaders through the video surveillance cameras.
This newly created station studio is great.
You can surveil everything around you through hidden cameras and so forth.
I can even watch myself if I wanted to.
Every now and then, people say,
Well, I'd really like to come in and watch you do your radio show.
Watch you while you edit your radio show.
It's like, you want to watch a guy sitting there in headphones for an hour?
For hours and hours and hours?
Listening to the same sounds over and over and over again.
Well, no, sometimes you hear it backwards and you...
Yeah.
So, that's...
Eh, eh-heh.
Eh-heh.
Princess We and I have been...
slacking off in that we've watched two movies a day lately.
Oh, by the way, this bizarre music in the background, I should mention, this is Rural War Room.
I'm pretty sure that's what it is.
There's also some Thegmo tactic on this reel, so we may get some of that, too.
But, yeah, we watched...
Yesterday, we watched that new movie called The Road,
which is...
about a father and son at the end of the world.
Some terrible cataclysm.
My theory is a super volcano.
Has pretty much destroyed almost all life, except for humans,
and most of those are cannibals, what there are left.
And that was so realistically done.
It actually kind of bummed us out.
Normally, I mean, we're subgeniuses.
End-of-the-world movies are like porno for us.
Movies.
Not...
CNN reports on earthquakes in Haiti.
That's not the kind of disaster porn I like.
I like fake stuff.
You know, that's the subgenius porno.
The Road is a little bit too real.
I mean, it's...
If you want to have trouble going to sleep,
go see The Road.
The Road.
Yeah.
If you want to worry for the rest of the night about those people in that basement being kept there for food,
then go ahead.
Go see The Road.
Now, we...
We're so bummed that we...
We had to get it out of our heads, so we put on another movie,
Sherlock Holmes.
The new Sherlock Holmes movie with Robert Downey Jr. in it,
which...
My one-sentence review would be,
Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes.
Because it's really a James Bond movie,
set in the olden days.
And subgeniuses might really enjoy it because...
And other weirdos might...
They might enjoy it because it's Sherlock Holmes versus Aleister Crowley,
and the O.T.O.,
and the Illuminati.
But not by those names.
They probably very wisely fictionalized Big Al and his cult pretty well.
And...
Oh, there's some...
It's fun, though.
It's lots of fun, and it's the kind of thing that'll take your mind off.
It's a standard Hollywood movie.
You can almost...
Guess what is gonna happen every second,
but not quite, because it's fairly well done.
And it's kind of an Indiana Jones meets...
Is Sherlock Holmes, is James Bond,
but with a sidekick.
And that was fun.
Yeah, kind of steampunk James Bond.
Yeah.
There you go.
That's a good description.
Now, I'm still...
I'm not seeing Dave showing up here.
There's no little flickering green.
There's no flickering green light.
Where's our Dave?
But we are, however, happy about some news.
I don't know if I mentioned this.
On the internet, you've heard of that.
There's a forum.
It's been there for a long time.
It's on Usenet, which existed before the World Wide Web.
Alt.slack.
It's been there forever.
Anyway, we just recently found out...
It is the 20th most popular news group on the internet
of Usenet news groups.
How about that?
Some fun, huh?
Very, very cool.
Okay.
Now, what happens if we do that?
Anything?
I...
What?
Got a buzz.
Got a buzz.
We got...
No, I got Dave for half a second.
How about that?
He's a slippery one, isn't he?
Okay.
Well, he knows what to do.
That doesn't...
Doesn't mean he'll do it.
Because he's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
A real-life subgenius.
Hello?
What?
He does know what to do.
Hello?
Oh, hello, hello?
Hello?
You sound so quiet and so distant.
You sound so hummy and buzzy.
It's so damned buzzy here.
Yeah, it is.
It is buzzy.
How is old Buzz...
It's annoyingly buzzy.
How's Buzz and Bunny crumhunger while we're at it?
They're not doing badly for little aliens
that live in petri dishes and consume your neophyte...
No, no.
Buzz and Bunny crumhunger.
They were on that voyage with us on the Golden Hind.
You remember.
Everything you know is wrong.
When we feasted upon the Golden Hind
and the Golden Front as well as the breast of the Golden Rooster...
You are buzzy as heck.
I feel like I should be, like, yanking and knocking things
and pushing things,
but this is all...
It's all digital.
He's got a Buzz phone.
So that doesn't really do any good.
Dave has a Buzz phone, man.
Use your elbow.
Should I call back again?
No, no.
It already was the same
when I mistakenly hung up on you before.
During that brief second, I heard the buzz,
and I thought, man, that's got a...
That's a great carrier signal
for mind-control secret Frankenstein computer god radio.
My favorite kind.
You can use those waves to our benefit somehow.
Use the ripples in the waves.
You can measure from peak to peak.
Find the longitude and the latitude
and know the exact angle into the brains.
Into all their brains.
Well, or brain, as the case may be in some sad cases.
There may be only one...
Like me.
Yeah.
I only have the one...
I don't even have the full brain.
I've only got half a brain,
and Princess Wee's got the other half.
If we get separated, we're in bad shape.
Real bad shape, yep.
Oh, man.
That buzz, it's just awful.
That's not the same buzz that I hear all the time.
It's not the buzz that I hear when I call you from home.
You mean you can't just tune that buzz out
like all of our listeners have had to do?
When I first heard it,
it sounded like it was coming from your end.
Now it sounds like it's coming from my end.
Dave, maybe you shouldn't have eaten beans for lunch.
Maybe I shouldn't have been born.
Yeah, maybe you've been the wrong...
man this whole time.
Well, at least I'm not inimmigrating
and disarticulating on all.slack
or other sources of misinformation.
No, I was bragging about how it's the number 20
in popularity of Usenet newsgroups,
which is actually saying something.
It was way ahead of Alt-Fan Rush Limbaugh
and Alt.Scientology.
So there's something.
There's something to be said for that.
Not very much.
We still must reckon with the Guelf and Ghibelline factions
who are determined to chew each other's knees off and stuff
to a loud buzzing tone in the background.
Why do they do that to each other?
Especially since they're high in parts,
as we discussed earlier in the syllabus.
When they're always exposed like that,
showing bare bones and cartilage, sheesh.
Well, that is just the way of their peoples.
Just a cultural thing, huh?
I need to kick something to get rid of the buzz.
How do you think I feel?
I mean, I don't know how I feel.
The beating of his hideous heart.
But my darling, don't you understand?
We can't get rid of it.
It's with us now.
We just have to...
Oh, I can get rid of it all right.
Oh, how did you do that?
I'm flushing with my phone here
and it doesn't appear to be changing anything.
Hey, try yelling.
Yell louder, Dave.
All right.
All right then.
Now.
All right now then.
Well, that helps a little bit.
I'm putting it sort of in between.
That's kind of like a just hideous noise.
Yeah, it's pretty hideous all right.
It's hitting my brainius.
But hopefully it will be able...
We will be able to ignore.
Should I try one more time?
No.
Sure, sure, sure.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Try it one more time.
Hang up and call back again.
Goodbye.
Bye.
That was easy.
Oh, God, it feels so good.
Well, it did until you laughed.
Let's just bask in silence for a second.
Bergman knew how to use silence.
To quote Peter Bergman.
And, well, meanwhile,
Meanwhile, friends, Winterstar is coming up,
for those of you in the listening area.
February 11th through 14th, Winterstar at Atwood Lodge
in Delroy, Ohio, which isn't too far from Cleveland.
This particular Winterstar will be the last one
at the Atwood Lodge because they're closing the place down.
They're going out of business.
How about that?
All right.
All right.
All right.












So, this particular Winterstar will be a wonderful one
because it's still at Atwood.
And it happens in cabins.
It's not an outdoor campout.
It's not an indoor sci-fi convention.
It's kind of in between.
And the performers include yours truly, Reverend Evan Stang.
And I'm not getting paid, so that's why I can advertise it on this.
Which disco, which is the band that was kind of like
everybody from Einstein's Secret Orchestra who's left
and still has a car.
So, it's Bob Mosick and Ron Slabe and Michelle George
and I guess Steve English and those folks will be playing.
They're fantastic and they'll probably jam all night long.
I will be showing a brand new video, I hope,
because I'm still working on this.
A video starring my flea circus of little monsters.
The Flea Manginarium of Dr. Stang, you might call it.
I wonder what ever happened to Dave.
He seems to be struggling to remember the number.
Oh, and Fat Mandy.
Fat Mandy will be at Winter Star.
So, it's like the three subgenius kind of different things.
And Fat Mandy is a singer and she's a great singer.
I mean a really, really good torch singer
who does original stuff and covers
and just generally puts on a great show.
She's fun. She's a real pro.
So, we have my flea circus.
Everybody will get to see my little tiny monster pets
that I've been studying under my microscoparium.
And I can mention this because I won't be there at all.
There is seriously a revival, a subgenius show
in Shanghai, China on March 23rd.
And I cannot tell you where it's going to be
because we don't want the Chinese authorities
to know where it's going to be yet.
But there really is one.
It will be a mini revival and a video show
in Shanghai, China.
So, for all our listeners in Shanghai.
The best way to find the information on that
would be to look at the subgenius website,
subgenius.com.
On the way over here, Princess Louie and I
were listening to African music
that was on the previous show.
And it sounded alien as heck.
If not as hell.
Alien as hell.
And not bad or anything,
but it's remarkable how different
somebody else's culture might be.
Know what I'm saying?
Know what you're saying.
But, at the same time, I was remembering
to Princess Louie
that compared to Chinese classical music,
the weirdest African music I ever heard
sounded normal to my...
American Pobucker standard ears.
Listener there, have you ever heard
Chinese classical music?
And I don't mean Chinese pop music.
I mean Chinese opera.
You kind of go,
well, I hear the kitchen help banging around,
but when does the music start?
I'm not putting it down.
I'm saying that that's how unfamiliar
it sounds to me.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm eating spiders.
Yummy spiders.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai
today acknowledged Afghanistan's presidential election,
but Bangkok...
But Bangkok...
But...
On Wall Street,
one nine nine six six,
a new report finds people in good health
are getting severely ill from PR News in Washington.
Now, wait a minute.
What's going on here?
The buzz went away for a short while when you did that.
When I did what?
When, uh, that wonderful sound came.
It was just there.
It was like...
It was...
It was...
It was...
It was...
It was...
It was...
It was...
It was...
Well, see, there's things happening here
that I don't understand, Mr. Jones.
Well, from what part of the table are you squatting?
If I must ask, in Urdu,
since you were trying to, uh, transliterate there.
Well, let's see.
If I turn everything off, that doesn't...
Well, here's what happens if I turn you off.
Ah, it sounds great.
But you couldn't hear that.
He's impassive.
It sounded great.
Impassive.
So...
Yeah, there's...
There's...
The only buttons on are my little button,
your tiny little button,
and Princess Wee's great, big, round, sexy button.
You're not allowed to talk about that on the air.
Yeah, I'd like to climb on that other button.
Because that's what you're referring to,
a part of a person's anatomy that could be used as a psychological weapon.
No, I'm referring to...
A conspiracy.
I'm referring to a plastic knob on the...
The dashboard in front of me.
What knob?
Bateman.
Why couldn't you have said perhaps a dial?
No, you had to use the secret word for onions.
And, uh, big, beefy flavors.
Ah, forget about it.
I just...
I just pushed your...
I just, uh, yanked your knob, but...
I shaved off the knees...
Pardon?
Okay.
I shaved your knees off a second ago.
I just pushed your button, like, three times,
and you didn't do anything.
So...
What is the point of these buttons, man?
I mean, why...
What is the man...
Why does the man, like, make us, like, adhere to these mechanical contrivances
and, like, these...
These rules, man.
It's just rules everywhere you turn.
Everywhere you sign.
It's like dogma.
Dogma.
Everywhere, dogma.
Yeah, dogma.
Didn't you ever see Fritz Lang's Cats?
No, uh, Fritz, um, you know, the Metropolis guy.
Yeah.
Didn't you ever see Metropolis by...
Not Fritz the Cat,
because you said something about cats or something.
But, you know, haven't you ever seen that?
Fritz Lang.
Fritz Lang's Metropolis.
1924 German film.
You just threw it up on the computer.
No, actually, I, uh, I sat in the same room with Fritz Lang and watched it.
You looked up his dress.
Admit it.
No, I really did watch it in the same room with Fritz Lang.
He wasn't sitting next to me.
He was 95 years old,
and he was up on the stage at the USA Film Festival or something in 1970 or something like that.
Yep.
I got to see all kinds of movies.
I was in the same room with all kinds of movie stars.
You want to touch me?
Not fair!
I didn't like the way you put that.
That was disgusting, frankly.
Yep, I've been in the same room with all kinds of famous people that never noticed me.
Jimi Hendrix,
Frank Capra,
um, yeah, lots of...
I just...
He just said,
Smokey Pie?
Yeah, it makes me want to masturbate.
I'm just thinking about how many cool...
I've been in without anyone noticing.
I just remember like it was a little Super 8 cut of you at home.
I think it was in 1970, 60 something real early.
And you were...
There was a picture of Hitler on the wall and you were just masturbating furiously.
Yeah, I was kind of a weird little kid.
And I was like, oh, mom, leave me alone.
You know, everybody laughed about it and stuff.
But you can still quite clearly see that one Sturman-Drawn picture on the wall.
No, that was Stang and Drummond, not Sturman-Drawn.
Ah.
And not Stong-Turman either.
But it's very close.
Real, real...
They're very similar.
Yeah.
You know, no one would, would, uh, would argue with that.
Except for the facial structure.
The bone structure is different because somebody's, uh, Aryan and somebody's Barbarian or something.
I forget.
And then there's the Barvarians.
You know, that's a whole different breed from Barvaria.
Barbaria was such a nice place until the erudites reflipped the switches.
Now look that they've got to pay twice.
They take the bus.
Say, perhaps they enter a town or a village.
Uh-huh.
Some of their covert militants, their police force comes out and examines their underwear for explosives.
Mm-hmm.
And then, and then another group of people comes out and wants to see if they want to file an injury claim.
Yeah.
Now, who, who wants to live there besides you and me?
I don't know.
That's too tricky.
And if we could get people, if we could get them there, what kind of mode of transportation would we use anyway?
Like, we'd be like filling hats with rainwater.
Or farting in the wind or any of those other things that are supposed to be hard to do.
Right.
It would be.
Like trying to ride a hot air balloon there or something, huh?
Right.
We could get, we could get some child maybe from Langley Headquarters or something like that when they, you know, abduct, abduct Aborigines or something.
I forgot what they did, but we could get one of those guys.
They pick up pygmies.
They, they do.
That's where they drop Coke bottles out of and make movies out of them.
No, they pick the pygmies out.
They're not very heavy.
Though I lost my career and I cry in my beer, this show is my only reality.
That much?
Ye dance!
Ah, yeah, ah, yeah.
They would be a part of my, my life.




facing another z落o
How do we ever turn a profit?
I don't know.
Now we're going to put the heavyset man over here.
Hey, shy, Radisson.
Hey, shy.
Here, strap these glasses on.
Put the brown hat.
Little brown hat, how I love thee.
Is it made from jellyfish?
You know, you can't drink jellyfish.
He peed out of sailing solution.
Hello, this is me, Bernard.
This is Genius Foundation.
The sub-genius foundation.
You know, you're right.
You're right.
The UFOs.
The UFOs are appearing in the skies.
They keep, you know, returning.
They keep returning.
They know what's going on.
The beings, not from this world.
They know what America is.
They know what America is.
They know what's going on.
They know what's going on.
Since 2006.
The UFOs.
Appearing in the skies.
They are concerned what's going on.
They know what America is.
They know what America is.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
The UFOs are appearing in the sky.
Personally.
This is nuts.
This is Phil Proctor.
And David Osman.
Of the Firesign Theater.
And we're enjoying listening to the hour of slack.
I'm slacking off myself.
I'm slacking off myself.
It's a secret?



My вор спросソгни, вы верEverything в прекрасномANNAены!
What are you doing, Steven?

From PR News in Washington, I'm plotting to attack a newspaper in Mumbai, Denmark,
and I'm also approved by President Obama for the health and welfare of the American people.
The Environmental Protection Agency says the president should get part of the blame.
On Wall Street 1030-19, federal prosecutors say this is PR News from Washington.
Two giants are helping plan attacks on terrorists in Mumbai, North Carolina.
In a filing with the National Transportation Safety Board, 16,000 U.S. giants violated PR News in Washington.
And thanks to Lemur for that.
We...
Oh, there's...
There's a little piece of music there by The Large.
And a call from Bernard, our friend, who is...
Well, he took...
Last week, he took credit for the earthquakes in Haiti, which he said he caused to happen using the power of his mind.
And he said that the church should start doing the hour of slack again someday.
And he has said that we should leave Texas, because Texas is bad.
So maybe we should take all his advice, Jimmy.
I don't know.
Now you're as quiet as a mouse.
And you know what?
You are too.
That is very disruptive to the entire process.
Yeah, I haven't changed anything.
And you haven't changed anything.
I can tell from here you haven't changed your pants.
Well, that's your third nostril working for you.
Yeah.
You just hung up and called back in, right?
Yes.
And you see?
There's a...
You know what I think it is?
I think there's a dead cat on the line.
That'd be a curse.
There's a dead cat on the line.
If your wife has a child, and that child in no way resembles you, there's a dead cat on the line.
That's not your child.
Well, I still don't understand what the hell you mean by that.
You know, it sounds all folksy and everything, but what are you driving at?
That means that there's something where it shouldn't ought to be or shouldn't ought to have been.
That's like there's something fishy, but it's Texas style?
Yeah.
I see.
Yeah.
It was a rough, tough cream puff.
A dead cat on the line.
And I think that's what we had.
Now, the cat may...
Boy, obviously, that cat got blown off in the wind or you kicked it off or something,
but we never know when another cat might suddenly be crossing that line, step on that live wire, and fall down dead.
Well, what if it all crossed like two?
It's got like supernatural powers.
That'd be really, really bad.
What if that dead cat happened to be on the line just when the president was saying,
don't fire all the nuclear weapons?
After all, we changed our mind.
It was a false alarm.
What if that's when the dead cat is on the line?
Hmm.
I'm waiting, just sitting there like a Cheshire cat on the line with one eyeball pointing up and one eyeball pointing down.
Ah.
You've gone through the looking glass and now you're in the excretoria and you wonder how the hell to get out of there.
Well, we don't need to get out now.
It's okay.
We can stay in here because it sounds fine.
It smells like ranch and beef, though.
Well, you already mentioned that my pants haven't been changed in a while.
These pretty long-distance whispers.
Well, but most of our listeners...
Most of our listeners are listening with standard old-time radio.
They're not on this new satellite smell-o-vision radio.
Now, a few are.
In fact, I can see somebody just tuned in from Canadia.
And they're using the...
They've already got it there.
It's been mandated by the Inuits.
That's what...
I guess they've been...
Their counsels have...
I'm sorry.
We have a new Cleveland streamer.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Well, what does that mean as far as me getting millions and thousands of dollars?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Not a damn thing.
Nope.
Not a damn thing.
You're riding the same boat as Princess Wee and I.
Twiddling our thumbs.
We're on a ship of snakes.
Waiting for our ship of snakes to come in.
We're kind of like Johnny Depp in Dead Man.
Just drifting out there like a waiting...
Jeez, man.
They put me in a death canoe and everything, and I'm still awake.
There's a great line at the end of that movie where the medicine man says...
Johnny Depp is dying.
And a medicine man says,
No.
You're going to go to the place...
Where you came from.
Where all the spirits came from and where they go back to.
And he goes,
You mean Cleveland?
He's from Cleveland at the beginning of the movie.
It's a Jim Jarmusch movie, and he was from Cleveland, right?
Yes.
Yeah, they worked it in there.
Johnny Depp is going to play me in the Subgenius movie, by the way.
Did we already discuss that?
And Mel Gibson is playing you.
He's reprising his role for the...
In that movie, Conspiracy Theory, where he played Lonesome Cowboy Day.
Does he argue with policemen and stuff and run around naked and stuff?
Yeah, yeah.
It's the younger Lonesome Cowboy Day.
Wow, man.
I can just see something like that.
I can just see the millions and billions and trillions of dollars I'm going to make off it, too.
Yeah, me too.
I'm already spending it.
I spent it last week on my car, in fact, getting new shock springs.
Princess We will be played by Scarlett Johansson.
Doc Frop will be played by Daniel Day-Lewis.
Pappy, my father, will be played by Jack Nicholson.
These are all signed.
These guys are ready to go.
Yep.
And Philo Drummond will be played by Jim Carrey.
I'm not a big Jim Carrey fan, but there's reasons...
But he could pull it off, you know?
Yeah.
Literally, he could reach...
He could reach down there, yank it right off.
And he'd do that for a laugh, and that's why we need him to play Philo.
Yeah, we need somebody with them big, broad strokes to move it along, you know, so to speak.
Yeah, the alternative was Robin Williams, and there's no way any of us would be in the same room with that guy at this point.
Does he still have Stephen Colbert on the line, or is he maybe...
Yeah, yeah, Stephen Colbert is doing a cameo in it.
And our real, real score was Tom Cruise.
As well.
Who will actually...
Who will actually do a...
No, not as Bob.
Of course not.
Andy Serkis is doing performance capture of Bob.

No, Tom Cruise does a commercial for the Church of the Sub-Junior Center.
So, and that cost, that was the one that really...
That's like everybody else.
Even Tommy Lee Jones, who plays my brother, doesn't get as much money as that guy.
And he's only on it for 30 seconds.
And not with anybody else.
In front of a green screen.
Yeah, he's doing a Super Bowl commercial.
I don't want to give it any people away, but...
Right, right.
Yeah, we can't tell too much.
But he said that...
Well, I don't know if he said this.
You know, this is just kind of rumors going around and stuff.
He said the first offer was just...
He laughed.
He laughed.
He said, who would want to do something like this?
Well, it's a funny script.
Huh?
It's a funny script.
I mean, it's...
Well, yeah, that's true, but...
It's written in five different...
It's printed in five different languages.
It's printed on so many different kinds of paper,
you don't even know which ones are the covers and what are the inner pages and...
The scene directions are all...
And sometimes they're in different languages, of course.
Right, nothing's numbered.
So sometimes the dialogue will be in English
and the scene directions will be in Spanish
or even some, you know, like Kazakhstan or something like that.
It's...
I don't know.
I thought it was pretty funny, too, that way.
Yeah, it's a funny script that way.
I like also the way, you know, like when you read a page,
if you don't read it quick enough, it deteriorates in your hands and disappears.
Well, they don't all do that, just the key pages.
Well, those were the old paper pages, right?
Well, it's a new invention of stuff that falls apart instantly.
Well, I thought you were talking about...
It goes with that publish-on-demand thing.
You can only read the book once.
After your eyes have canned over each word, the ink fades.
Then you...
That triggers...
Once seeing the word triggers the ink to fade.
That way you have to buy another copy every time you want to read the book.
And now...
That's the way publishing is going now, man.
Yeah.
You know, it's copy-protected.
It's sad, but it's true.
When you think of it, once that letter disappears from a page,
then the whole page starts to flash, too,
because the chemical's there and everything.
And it's pretty much echo-safe, but think of all the money they're making.
Right.
Well, that's the whole thing.
Millions of bucks.
Yeah, well, it's supposed to...
It'll save paper, see, because the paper just crumbles to dust
as soon as you finish reading that page.
Each word disappears after you read it.
Then when you turn the page, the page crumbles to dust.
It's beautiful.
From a technological standpoint, if you're a publisher, it's a great deal.
But for us readers, and even for the authors, it's not really that great
because the author only gets paid once.
The publisher gets paid every time you...
Destroy the book and have to get a new one.
Which is frequently.
Every time you want to reread it, you have to get a new one
because it's, you know, what's published on demand, read on demand,
but you have to pay for it every single time.
Retain information upon demand, too.
That's why there aren't any more penguins left.
Just think of what they've done to the wonderful Antarctic wilderness.
All the many motels and hotels we could have had or could have been.
They did.
Given the correct circumstances.
But instead, they had to print copies of Book of the Subgenius.
That dissolve in your hands.
Right.
Yeah.
Right.
You know, there was a...
I found a copy of the entire book on the internet last week.
Well, somebody else found it and tattled to me.
And I realized, yeah, I knew that was on there.
And I didn't care because it was a really bad copy.
I thought all it's going to do is make you want to buy the book
because you'd be kind of frustrated.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.







It's bad PDF.
But somebody pointed out, well, now there's these Kindle machines
where you read your book on a machine because, you know, paper is too cheap.
So you buy this machine and then you load your book into it for a fee.
And this was not...
I wasn't getting the fee.
And plus, the person who put it on the intranet claimed that it was a public free copyright thing,
which...
And he had put up a bunch of other things like the anarchist cookbook that are copyright free
or steal this book kind of things.
Well, Book of the Subgenius isn't like that.
We may make fun of capitalism and the conspiracy, but we do it for capitalistic reasons.
We want to become so rich that we can buy the conspiracy
because that is frankly the only way to fight the conspiracy.
With its own weapon.
Money.
Green.
Green.
Cabbage and green, baby.
Money walks.
It walks for you.
And BS talks.
Now, if you have it backwards, but it still makes you...
I agree completely with you.
No, but talking is easy.
Walking gets you somewhere.
Well, if your fingers are all tied up in convoluted thoughts like so many subgeniuses are...
subgenie...
genie are nowadays,
confused about the outcome of previous events and the up-cumbering events,
which may be up-cumbering and so forth, stuff like that.
And things that are, you know, just in their own heads.
Things that they've drilled around in their minds for thousands and thousands of minutes now.
And they're just waiting for their brains to explode
and then for them to blissfully leave this benighted planet.
Just think all them poor fools.
Or don't.
Well, I do.
I think of them all the time.
And I think of hitting them up for a new membership renewal.
Well...
Or something.
Why did Bob get this dumb idea of a lifetime subgenius membership?
Why didn't he?
Yeah.
I mean, no, why...
Why did he?
Yeah.
What happened to the endless pyramid scheme that's constantly soaking you for more, you know,
tithing a certain percentage every month?
Or else you can't...
Or you have to re-up every year.
You can't...
It doesn't carry over.
You know, we actually did that.
You're charged for charging.
You're used for usage.
Yeah.
And in fact, you're stepped over a tiny little stool
and whooped into a sundrance by a very large dominatrix.
Woman or man, you can't make it out, but you're very scared and it hurts.
We must be crazy to be giving things away at these free prices.
Yeah.
That's going around now, too, like a bad disease.
The idea that giving somebody a good deal is a form of insanity.
You hear it everywhere.
Yeah.
You hear it when you're sleeping.
Sometimes the voices in your head tell you which way to look at in the middle of the night.
And then you can see the shapes.
And once you see the shapes and you can make them out clearly, then...
Oh, the voices are always trying to make me feel bad.
Stang, you screwed up.
You could have been rich.
It would have been so easy, but you blew it.
You blew it.
You just gave it all away to a bunch of idiots.
Why, you could have...
This could have been like Scientology.
Or the Moonies.
Or even the aliens.
Oh, yes.
Ooh, ooh la la.
But, friends, it is better than all of those.
And here's why.
It's not because it's more holy or clever.
It's because we've got Bob and they don't.
It's that simple.
We got Bob, they don't.
For that reason, we can hate them.
Hate them, hate them, hate them.
And know that we're better.
Yes, simply better.
Your little ecclesiastical adventure could involve all of us.


We're all just the forms of bestiality and mid-neck crew cuts and pointing out the thyroid
gland.
Well, it does.
It does.
We just don't...
Pointing out the pineal gland.
We don't charge them for it, though.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I was trying to say.
That comes with the excuse.
The all-purpose divine excuse that comes in your membership package.
You even get a doctor's, spelled D-O-K-T-O-R-S...
Right, Doctor X of the Forbidden Sciences.
And you get a doctor's excuse when you don't want and you gotta slack off.
Right.
And we should be charging a lot more than we do.
But instead, we're retreating back up the hill.
So instead of twisting your arms, we're just gonna tweak your knobs a little bit and hope
that that feeling of soft warmth, that bliss that comes from the third nostril...

Stop that tweaking!
...is gonna open you up somehow, like a ripe clam.
Well, but when you're a subgenius...


When you're a subgenius, you look at what the smart and sensible thing would be to
do, and you ponder it, you approach it from all angles, and then you do the opposite.
Just like, why is my phone not buzzing anymore?
It's just the buzzing in my head.
Right, the buzz...
Of course, I could be paranoid, couldn't I?
And say, well, they were screwing with me.
Whoever they is, they are, or it is.
Instead, I, I, I, I, I, well, I, I...
You internalized the buzz.
Yeah, yeah, I, I, I...
Hey, at least you got a buzz.
Yeah.
Yeah, I, I, I, I got a buzz out of it.
Princess, we and I are going to stop at the buzz store on the way home, and when we,
when this, we are gonna end this day somehow or another.
We're gonna pick up 15,000 buzzes.
Yeah, we are going, we are going to put, we are gonna put an end to this day one way
or the other.
It's been, it's been one of those days.
Have you ever considered your Second Amendment right to bear a ceremonial
nuclear weapons in public?
The much, the way you bear one of your parts you like to fondle?
Well, now, according to the new rulings, an individual can't bear thermonuclear weapons,
but a corporation can.
A corporation has, has the, because they live forever.
I see, and that, I feel freer already.
Yeah.
I personally, I'm, I'm glad.
I know that large corporations are somehow nicer than the average individual, even though they are individuals.
Yeah.
They're somehow nicer than us, and will not abuse their,
Right, and they would never abuse any rights.
No.
So they have a lot more rights than any individual could ever hope to have, a corporate, a corporate entity.
And they will, they will sacrilegiously guard ours until the last, whatever it is that we're supposed to defend of your right to say so.
Well.
Well.
Yeah.
So I guess the world,
It, it caused me to shave my chest.
I, I gotta admit, I, there was a couple of times when I was reading the paper last week, or the dissolving internet page or whatever, that I thought, I better get ready to leave America.
But then I thought, wait a minute, where am I gonna go?
England?
They've got different problems that are just as bad.
Holland?
Yeah, man, you can smoke pot in Holland.
After you've given all your money to the government.
Don't see any other way.
You don't have any left to buy the overpriced pot.
My God, man, what has this world come to?
It's a shame, I'll tell you.
You just, you know, you, you get, you wanna, you wanna, uh, you wanna split, but there's no place to split to.
It's like being an amoeba that can't have sex with itself.
You feel like, what's his name in, in the old 1960s spy film, The Prisoner, uh, Anton Gaudi, or whatever his name was.
Yeah, yeah.
Patrick Gouin.
Yeah.
Tony O'Gouin.
Yeah, Antonio Gaudis, the guy who invented the steamroller.
I am not a number, I'm a free man.
Viva Picasso.
I, I remember when they stole the art from the indigenous.
Oh, the, the times did grow thicker.
Uh.
Who is number one?
I am not afraid.
You are number six.
I am not a number, I am.
Okay, I'm a number.
Yep.
A big balloon would go off and he'd go in his pants and say I'm a number, okay.
I'm number six eight point two two one point one one three point two five three.
That actually is the number of one of our listeners.
Let he who has wisdom know, it is the number of a listener.
It is a purgative feeling to say your number out loud.
I mean, is it a purging thing?
Well, I just gave somebody's IP address is what I did.
And they do, too.
I don't.
Have you noticed that people are referring to each other as Dvochkis and Millicents and
Deezer and.
What happened to Clockwork Orange show on cable or something?
No, I.
Everybody's talking, talking clockworky talk again.
It must have been on cable.
That's the only way for a conflux of informational devolvement.
Well, they're sure not going to read the book by Anthony Burgess that I've read seven times.
It's, it's too, uh, it's too intellectual, the book.
Actually, it's not all that intellectual.
It's full of the old in and out and lots of ultra violence and.
Paul Chuck and old games.
Yeah, it puts knives in your blood.
The crack put pretty Pauline show forth.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, you could end up in this stripey hole.
I ended up about three weeks ago.
I had the thieving magpie, that old classical tune.
Yes.
Stuck in my head.
Now, in a Clockwork Orange, they play that music in the background whenever the boys are out raping.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I did not.

I said, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No.
No.
No.

That was pretty bad.
I was doing it right.
And it made me want to go out and kill and kill and rape and kill.
You're listening to W.C.
Pardon me.
I have to do this.
This is a VF years.
No, no, no.
Heaps I see, but.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Pleasure and enjoyment.
Okay.
Yeah.
Office better beware.
Edit here.
Especially if they've got no...
Edit here.
No, edit here.
There.
Okay, there was a cut.
Now we can proceed.
It's so hard to make scissors space on this show and remove things without anyone knowing,
especially when I refer to having done that.
Right afterwards.
I remember right after time travel got real big,
and we went back to the lands of the ancient geeks,
and Cleveland was a city of great pleasure and amusement.
And there was guys walking around in sandals and stuff like that.
Yeah.
In like, you know, these square areas.
And they would say all kinds of cool stuff,
and then people would applaud and then go off and stab each other with swords and stuff.
It's weird.
I mean, there was no Bob in those days.
There's no reason we can't do that now.
Except for one thing.
The show is over.
As a matter of fact, if you look at your time machine, Dave,
you'll see that we've actually leaked over.
Do you think that we...
And I'm going now to go away.
I'm going away, too.
I wouldn't want to step on Rob's shoes,
because they're where they've been.
However, Dave, you have been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack,
episode number 1,141.
And for more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
if you must have it,
you can find more than you'll ever be able to handle at subgenius.com.
Thank you for calling, Dave.
Thank you for the buzz.
Thank you for the buzz, my dear.
And we'll hear you later.
And goodbye.
And goodbye.
Ahem.
And, uh...
Oh, Reverend Stank, do you think that we maybe possibly could have let our treasured listeners down tonight
with this buzzy show?
No.
Oh, good.
I'm glad.
People listen to this station to get a buzz.
Oh, good.
Good, good.
All right.
Um, we'll end with some, uh, lemur and the large,
and, uh, music by local color if we get that far.
Listen.
Listen.
Listen.
Don't gobble.
Darn.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh!
Ah!
Ah!
Hey, screaming woman!
Ah!
He's swell!
King!
Hot dog!
Ah!
Hot dog!
August 13th, 2008, from Atlanta on Pi in 2.0 minutes.
Shall we play a game?
Greetings Professor Falcon.
Greetings Professor Falcon.
Greetings Professor Falcon.
How about a nice game of chess?
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Which side do you want?
Which side do you want?
Which side do you want?
Which side do you want?
Shall we play a game?
Let's run the targets.
Let's run the targets.
Let's run the targets.
Excellent.
Excellent.

Let's run the targets.
Let's run the targets.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Let's run the targets.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How about a nice game of chess?
By local color.
So, praise Bob.
Praise Salim.
