Oh, yes, dear friends, this is your dear friend and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang, and
you're listening to a recording of me in my sick bed.
My stomach hurts real, real, real bad, and I'm sorry I have to do this little introduction
by tape.
I wish I could be there tonight rather than wrapped around my own stomach muscles in spasms
of virus-induced pain.
And yes, you may pray for me if you want.
But anyway, back to the matter at hand here.
Earlier this week, I saw this full-page ad in the back of the magazine, Mondo Gag Me
With It.
It was an ad for a new Bob Dobbs album.
What a surprise, especially to me.
And this groovy ad was for a CD called Bob's Media Ecology, which was described as, quote,
a transmutation of pop culture sounds and the almighty spoken word as assembled for
media guru Bob Dobbs radio broadcast between 1980...
and 1991.
Bob will update your consciousness on the control which the mythic governments exercise
over our lives and prescribes much-needed antidotes to overcoming these powerful forces.
Well, well, well, I thought.
Some nerve.
Who could be doing this?
It said the album came from Toronto.
I thought.
Maybe.
It couldn't be.
He wouldn't rip us off like that.
See, there's this guy in Toronto, Bob Dean, who's been doing this weird talk show for
a few years, not as long as we have.
And he likes to say he's Bob Dobbs.
He actually came through town here some years back, and he seemed like a nice guy.
His rants from his show were pretty good.
I've played bits of them on my show.
Although, certainly, they weren't anything like most of the other shows I've been on.


You could hear Bob's voice, and I was wondering why he kept insisting on using Bob's name.
I've always wondered why he kept insisting on using Bob's name.
Because he didn't really sound much like the way Bob would talk.
But I figured, no way would a nice guy like that start selling an album of his own made
to look like a subgenius album, making money off Bob's name and all the hard work that
we've done without even telling us.
I mean, only a real conspiracy glorified.


I mean, only a real hypocrite of a new age, pink, would do something like that.
And then yesterday, in the mail, we got a press packet including the album.
It looked like the kind of packet they'd send to all radio stations.
There wasn't a letter in it.
And I finally listened to it.
And I did get physically sick, which is one reason why I'm not at the station tonight.
But what a relief.
I'm sorry.
But when I realized it wasn't Bob Dean at all.
It was me.
It was an old tape of mine.
This album, Bob's Media Ecology, being sold by this Toronto group as if it was a tape
of Bob, is nothing but an old tape I made one night, all by myself, in about three hours.
A long time ago.
It was just something I whipped out.
I wrote up some rants and composed and recorded a little music.
And kind of threw it all together.


on my cheap equipment. I mean it was really a one-man job and certainly
nothing I'd want to brag about and wouldn't normally play on the show. I
mean I was young then and and dumb and well in those days I would actually
pretend to be Bob. I know only an idiot would do that would be egomaniacal
enough to think that they could actually speak for Bob but I did so I did this
little tape called Bob's Media Ecology. Now why these Canadians would want to
confuse the issue by releasing that thing I don't know and on top of that
they're not paying me any royalties or any to butt naked either because
there's a pretty sad remake of one of his songs on here too and he says they
didn't ask him about that either. So rather than have you our beloved
audience see this tape, I want you to see this tape and I want you to see this tape.
Fly over this to you and tell me in the comments in case what I should decide
about by putting that tape into something else but let me let you guys
know about my personal choice today so yeah I'll fly over to your wife or
baby and I'm gonna try some noise profuso back in a minute.



If I don't apologize for the sobs that I got you you know you know we're already
of why you don't pretend to be Bob.
Well, I sound sort of Bob-like in this.
If Bob was smart instead of lucky,
and if he was a trendy, over-educated pink boy
using his parents' money,
and if he wasn't particularly funny,
but just sort of smug.
So, it's like the smug, intellectual,
know-it-all show-off Bob.
It's more or less the right message,
Slack.
But I guess, you know, in those days,
I was trying to impress the wrong audience,
the rich, trendy, mondo-2000-reading pinks.
And of course, soon after I did this album,
I realized that the true subgeniuses
needed Slack a lot more than gutless college boys did.
I don't know.
I guess I was just using Bob's name,
because, well, because he was already famous,
and I wasn't.
Besides, in those days, I was fool enough
and egotistical,
and dishonest enough
to think I really could put words in Bob's mouth.
So, I'm ashamed, dear friends,
but now that this fashionable,
trendy thing is being advertised,
I'm going to go ahead and play it anyway
to ensure that you don't accidentally spend
your hard-earned money on it
thinking you're getting a real subgenius album.
I don't know. Maybe we shouldn't rub it in.
Maybe these Canadians haven't heard about The Curse.
The Curse of those who try to make money off of Dobbs.
Well, it hadn't affected us,
but it seems to hit everybody else
who does stuff like this.
So anyway, this, what you're about to hear
is Reverend Ivan Stang's early unfinished attempt
at a subgenius album.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
On your current cable today,
we have a subgenius album.



We have a song entitled...
Everything's basically disappeared.
On your current cable today,
we have a song entitled...
On your current cable today,
we have a song entitled...
Everybody change.
We'll start...
We'll start...
We'll start...
We'll start...
We'll start...

We have a song entitled...
We have a song entitled...
Everything's basically disappeared.
I warned him it's going to create a separation, create a Berlin Wall in the family.
It's going to make my sister become a different kind of person.
It's going to make me become a different kind of person.
I'll lose my interest in hockey.
I'll get into drugs.
I predicted all this when I was 10, but he couldn't understand that.
He didn't believe me.
We'll continue after this.
On the turntable today, we have a song entitled...
Everything's basically disappeared.
Everything's basically disappeared.
Everything's basically disappeared.
Under electric conditions, all kinds of places exist.
We call it nostalgia, but we're just swimming in the sea of information.
Electrically retrieved, electrically present.
It's kind of an eternity, Doug.
It's misnomered in nostalgia.
You're asking me?
Costumes.
Yeah, they think they're in the 50s.
They're wrong.
The 50s do not exist.
The 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, they do not exist.
We never left 1945 and running on the same spot.
We've just been layering information on top of information.
Whoa!
That's acoustic.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
How do you like the baby?
That's acoustic.
That's acoustic.
Oh, Bob.
I love it.
Every minute of it is so wonderful.
That's acoustic.
That's acoustic.
Oh, Bob.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
I love it.
Every minute of it is so wonderful.
Better sound.
Almost ridiculous.
Let's get ready, Bob.
We're down to level five at least now.
Whoa!
That's acoustic.
Man, I'm hot today.
Whoa!
Whoa!









Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!



Whoa!
Whoa!


We didn't expect exciting piloting here.
That's awesome.
Let's take a three-way road trip.
That's really cool though.
All right.
You bet we did great.
How do you like the Plume?
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah, I do.


It's a dream job.
Oh!
Oh!
Wow!

I'm really lucky.

There we go.
Myself, my pretty baby.

That's acoustic.
Man, I'm hot today.
That's acoustic.
We're coming into week 10 or so.
Let's get ready.
We're at five at least now.
Of course, that's why in this period after World War II,
we have nothing but retrievals of these things.
But they are clichés made new.
That's our job.
I mean, nothing is new under the sun,
but there's nothing old under the sun now.
1985 is the year of the 40th...
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
I'd like to...
Tiddly.
The nerves there.
I'd like to...
Tiddly.
The nerves there.
The electric nerves are responding right now
and tell them that I'd like to go into a little talk.
Why use the word, Bob?
Well, first of all, it's not a word.
Why use the word, Bob?
Well, first of all, it's not a word.
Only when you use your mouth
does it sound like a word.
Like a word.
Like a verbal medium.
Spoken language.
There are many other languages.
Many other environments,
linguistic and grammatic characteristics.
I'd like to stress the electric language.
I'd like to stress the electric language.
Because that is the language we're involved in right now.
Electricity is a biological event
when telegraphs rise and depart in the 1950s
that pushed man to a new dimension.
So every electric environment system
has been refined to a new dimension.
A biological event
will move into a new biology
we're aware of in time, perhaps.
Okay.
Too many words? Too many words?
No, no.
The words are fine.
The ideas are a bit thick.
Okay.
Let's get down to business.
I gotta say something.
I've gotta perform.
Gotta produce.
Gotta record.
Gotta sell it.
So anyway.
Hallucinate.
No buses go to Miami.
No buses go to Miami.
Game is a linear visual concept.
There's no ends or middles or betweens
in acoustic space under electric conditions.
That's why no buses...
You're right.
No buses could travel to where you are.
Perfect statement he made.
Yes.
No buses go to his end.
I'm going after the...
Good show to make, Bob.
Thanks.
Good energy.
Okay, I got it.
Okay, I got it.
Okay, I got it.
You never heard the show.
You don't know I'm on a political campaign here.
You're on a political campaign?
Yeah, I run the solar government,
but my campaign is to have you find out that that's what's happening.
And then the more you find out that I'm running the show,
then we can implement my policies because you'll be able to match with them.
That's the point.
I already do run the show behind the scenes.
The whole global theater.
Now, this is preposterous to say,
and most people can't believe it,
but it's taken at least three years now to educate a few people
to begin to dimly perceive that's true.
The point is that so many discarnate, super-angelic megalomaniacs
run around thinking they're candidates
that we can't get them to understand, to bow down,
not in a negative way,
but to bow down and acknowledge my agenda,
and we get this media ecology on the road.
My God, Bob, that's pretty crazy.
Yeah, isn't that?
Isn't that startling?
Don't lose your words there.
Well, you know, it's in the gap.
You know that people get attention if they start to stutter,
so I don't mind stuttering occasionally
because it creates a little interval and people listen harder.
Okay, now, my girlfriend's yelling at me in the air right now.
She's asking me, what do you think about the environment?
If you're on a political campaign,
you know, you must have some view on the environment.
Like, really, we're going cliche, Bill, right now.
Yeah, you know what I say about the environment?
Turn it off.
Turn it off.
Yeah, turn it off.
Turn all of it off.
Even those screaming about greenism, eco-fascists,
turn them off.
Turn it all off.
Turn the industrial, turn every environment off.
And you know how you do it?
You turn off TV.
The slowest to a standstill.
Sorry, we're not in touch.
Oh, one minute, Zach.
Yeah, hold on.
Sorry, I just listened to the radio.
Oh, yeah.
That's the only answer.
That's the only answer the study can have today.
But, no, we're talking about TV as the motor mechanism of fashion and war making.
It's an awful thing.
Well, my girlfriend's dead now.
She just killed herself.
Just now?
Yeah, that's what happens.
I used to do that years ago.
Sounds like another performance piece.
Yeah, kill people on the air.
I've done that.
Electricity is a biological event.
When the telegraph arrived as an environment by 1850,
that pushed down man into a new dimension.
So every electric environment since then has been a refinement of frequency modulation
of a biological event moving into a new biology.
We were wearing new apparatus.
You are listening to Radio Prague, Czechoslovakia,
with a 57-minute broadcast to the United States and Canada.
Let's listen to a Moravian folk song now.
A billion people all around the world
are listening to all these things all over again.
Hope you're enjoying the program.
Hope you're enjoying the music.
I'm your accompanist.
Electric, discarnate, merging, interpenetration.
Bob verses that.
He turns it on temporarily.
Media ecology, all right?
Monica.
Just to make us fall asleep again and wake up.
And then we can turn it on and we can grab any zone we want and surf and dance.
Bob, is that proper?
We play jazz.
We play jazz.
So, are you listening to all these records all over again?
Hope you're enjoying the program as much as I'm enjoying the music and your company.
.

.
.
.


.
担当者,
قة,
Х shuts off,
перестань,
지지мись!
The oral tradition, the acoustic world of the Greek,

The basis of his poetic and personal culture was quickly destroyed by literacy, phonetic literacy.
TV is a far greater overkill than any atom bomb.
TV wrecked socialism.
We're now in the post-TV age.
You're free.
You're free.
Of course, that means everybody else is free to run amok over you.
So you gotta be rather paranoid.
TV wrecked socialism.
We're now in the post-TV age.
Socialism is a new world. Here goes.
Be attentive, you.
This is Radio Tirana.
Socialism will come back in the form of Communalism.
In other words, little groups and little mandos.
Socialism is a new world. Here goes.
So you're a socialist yourself?
Uh, yes.
Yeah, so you're having an identity crisis?
You've seen the imminent end of your system?
Uh, well, I see it being discredited by the conspiracy.
What is the conspiracy? There are two kinds, top-down and bottom-up.
Which one would you like to be ex-
Well, top-down, I guess, would be obvious.
Well, no, see, the top-down plays catch-up with the bottom-up effect.
That's always the case.
Socialism was wiped out by television.
Oh, I guess.
You don't believe that?
Reagan and Thatcher were-
No, no, not the content, the medium itself, the tecto-mesh.
It bypassed the kinetic, moving mosaic of the radio era.
In other words, Churchill, Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Roosevelt, Oliver Cromwell,
all these characters who ran around in the early part of the 20th century, products of the radio.
Now, fascism and socialism were byproducts through cultural distortion of the same effect of the radio environment.
Now, TV brings in what we call the new left or the new right, right?
The left had its turn in the 60s, the new right in the 80s.
Neither are effective in the long run.
Decentralization means you're free.
You don't need any external sort of governmental force to control your situation now.
You're free.
Of course, that means everybody else is free to run amuck over you.
So you've got to be rather paranoid.
And that's why you study the top-down information to see who's running what and pulling the string
so that you can be free without getting injections from viral chemical warfare.
You're going to be free.
Of course, that means everybody else is free to run amuck over you.
And that's why we have a new left.
Here goes.
TV wrecked. Social wrecked. TV wrecked. Social wrecked. TV wrecked. Social wrecked. TV wrecked. Social wrecked. TV wrecked. Social wrecked. TV wrecked.
Michael Jackson's 3LL was saved and everybody was astonished and suffering.
This is Radio Tirana.
Now, when everybody has a fast machine, they can be bureaucrats without the bureaucracy.
Okay?
So...
Total decentralization.
Total decentralization.
What was the last hangover of the bureaucratic phase?
The communist state and the Berlin Wall.
So the fax machine was the stimulator of a political revolution in the sense that the Eastern European gang is screaming for democracy, which is a bureaucratic setup.
All right?
And they saw from the effect of the fax machines the image of the end of bureaucracy, yet their solution is another bureaucracy, but a participatory bureaucracy.
Right?
And democracy is a democracy called democracy.
So, you know, we could say anything.
Dogma changes every 15 seconds here, right?
Bob?
Is that top down or bottom up?
The kids, the TV generation in the second world.
you know europe and the socialist communist world eastern europe uh those kids the tv kids
they are replaying what we and you did in the 60s yeah which was to scream we want it all and we
want it now but the problem is we except me and they at the time back then and now they have no
idea how to get it right because they don't exist anymore they already have ended the revolutions
over there they are sitting on a garbage dump and they don't know how to move in other words
they're dimly becoming aware of the discarnate state which uh was a replay of the 70s the 70s
was the baby boom generations bland out realizing that they wanted it all wanted it now but had no
inkling of how to get it because you can't
get something that isn't there therefore the rear view mirror images left for uh obsessive
consumerism consider obsessive shopping is a military operation
consumer shopping
consumer
consumer
we do not know how it's playing the sound but
one two three two
four
five

seven
eight
nine
ten
eleven
twelve
thirteen
fourteen
fifteen
sixteen
twenty
twenty
sixty
sixty

thirty
sixty








did you forget

that everyone
standing
up



doing
so media ecology is the slogan and what it is it's not just private uh say boycotting of watching
your own tv is demanding your politicians to deal with this one issue it's become monomaniacal about
media ecology not about the nature oil uh high prices whatever issue is normally filtered in
the content of news right right you have to ignore everything and we have we can massively educate
the public to engage in that sloganeering if they understood the stakes breakdown it's breakdown
welcome to the international connection this is the electrified voice of bob marshall
today we feature an interesting
pattern from may brussels first under the category of the biography with missing facts
may point out the parallels in the careers of three actors evita perron ronald reagan and pope
john paul ii especially in the years during and just after the second world war according to a
book on evita by paul montgomery she was the quote creation of fascism that spread of the
totalitarian infection that spread from germany and italy in the 1930s unquote before her husband
juan perron became president of argentina
was that country's ambassador to rome evita then ruled argentina with her husband from 1945 to 1952
during that period having risen from poverty herself she played the dual role of helping
the poor and the labor union while privately accumulating great wealth with the help of
nazi advisors from germany including martin bohrman whom it is alleged to smuggle into argentina
when she died in 1952 she left huge sums in many accounts in switzerland which money according to
may brussels was released gradually by our nazi country and the government was able to get her to the
state of canada and to build up the post-war nazi international around otto scorsini until 1973
when 800 million dollars in evita swiss accounts was liquidated which caused wild swings on the
international gold market furthermore a new book published in 1984 by paul hoffman revealed more
details about the vatican's connections to spy money the cia nixon and the nazis in a project
codenamed operation eva and may brussel points out that evo is another name that evita perron was a
known by as she pushed her homeland a country that was much like the united states in the 1920s
into the arms of the fourth right meanwhile another actor who did not suffer during the war
was pope john paul ii as carol he was a worker in the salve chemical plant near oswich during
the nazi occupation of poland and because he had a job in official work he was protected from roundup
and even permitted to walk through the city after curfew according to the book the pope from poland
by mr karolak on the national television network he was a member of the national television network
the day before the major gestapo raid on the quarry owned by salve carol atila was transferred
to the factory which probably saved his life during the german occupation from 1942 to 1945
carol was able to start up and perform in the theater attended only by germans and at a time
when any other theater activity was illegal after the war he goes to rome and becomes a protege of
pope paul vi who has secretary of state for the vatican helped organize the rat line to enable
the state to62 in the name of pope paul ii who was the governor of south america his understudy pope
john paul ii then enters the world stage in the 1980s as a man's loving peace a champion of the
poor and obviously warm in front of the public like evita perron and ronald reagan but never
forgetting his hidden past connections to the nazis as is shown by his appointment of his former
employer the man who ran ig farben and hitler's major banks during the second world war german
ad to be in charge of vatican bank in 1982.
in spite of protests by jews over this appointment pope paul ii was in charge of the vatican bank in 1982.
Hermanaz is still in charge today. Another great actor of our time, Ronald
Reagan, also performed suspicious activities during World War II. According
to the book Where's the Rest of Me by Reagan and Richard Hubler, Reagan
collaborated with the OSS, who had obtained plans for the Nazi rocket
launchers at Pinamanda and the US Army, who built an exact replica of Pinamanda
in Florida and then bombed it while Reagan's group filmed it. This fact leads
me to ask, what were those films for? If they subsequently bombed the real
Pinamanda, he could have filmed that. However, to continue, after the war, Reagan
left the Defense Department as a captain and became absorbed in anti-communist
activities in association with Scherzer, Hoover, Senator Joseph McCarthy and
Richard Nixon. But according to a book by Donald Freed called The Secret Life of
Ronald Reagan, he kept these connections secret and joined the left-leaning
anti-fascist Green Actors Guild as a cover while working with the right. This
action was a great success.
Reagan's work was identical with Davidi Perron's image during the same years,
ostensibly helping the poor and the Union, but really strengthening their Nazi
ties. This is Reagan being on the board of Young Americans for Freedom and
organizing Democrats for Nixon in 1960.
So to tie the three careers together, to illustrate how they played roles to suck
the masses in and that their public policies are not conservative but fascist,
Nate Russell points to Reagan's new relationship with the Vatican. President
Reagan has established diplomatic recognition of Pope John Paul II's church,
the first time in over a century, with the appointment of Archbishop
Pio Laghi as the Vatican's ambassador to the United States. Pio Laghi, having
formerly been ambassador to Argentina during the period when its military junta
murdered thousands of dissidents. This junta was propped up by Nazis and their
billions of dollars originally released from Evita Perron's Swiss bank accounts,
whose coffers were filled during her husband's regime. He having been ambassador to Rome,
with strong connections to his church, who helped the Nazis escape to Argentina and whose own
bank is now run by Hitler's former banker. Therefore, any listener to the International
Connection should be able to understand the meaning of the story headline that ran in the
Toronto Star on April 12th. Quote, Reagan will honor Nazis on May tour, unquote. Now we'll hear
from Sherman Skolnik and the Citizens Committee to clean up the court in Chicago.
Hi, Sherman Skolnik bringing you news killed by the Monopoly press,
presented 24 hours a day by the Citizens Committee to clean up the court.
Oh Great Labor Day!
Oh boy!
This is a drop in the news news!
W.W.
I'm thinking I can hear you
in the big obviously
that's the negative
אני

To
turn it on and play with it in his own wand and surf and dance and play jazz.
Papi's a funky.
We're the rehearsing original concerts, going to a theater or on camping trips, or to good discotheques.
All these young people agreed on one thing.
I like the electric babies.
That's marvelous.
Okay, you can't go.
Okay, say it's wonderful.
Okay, bye.
I love all these shows.
No, no.
The only thing that shocks me is...
...is the success of my operation.
How successful are you?
Well, listen...
Bob, thank you.
I'm listening.
Bob.
Yes.
Bob's learning and stuff together doing.
Bob.
Yes.
You are a poet.
You're a philosopher.
You're a boxer.
Electric.
Updated consciousness in a real way that no one else is doing out there.
I'm satisfied, Bob.
It was very...
I understand.
I understand why you young people can't really say much, because where can you...
What can you articulate on a single plane today that's applicable?
Oh, that's strange.
I'm a pseudo-axis.
With me.
Is it easy to be young?
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
That was The Future Talks, hosted by Sarah Kamenshikova.
We continue our...
The axis of the planet, etc.
Yes.
He's in the car now.
He's had a really strange black dream.
And if he hears your voice now, if he hears my voice, if you could use the reverence power.
Jim Baker never made house calls.
Bob makes house calls.
Yes.
Can you make a car call to Dave now?
You're saying he had a dream?
No, he's in a moment of severe black loss.
We're escalating our programming here.
We are no longer going to just have pseudo-axis talk.
We're going to probe around.
What a sign that was.
The nation's capital was the site of a week-long party with guests from all over our little blue planet.
Tonight, we join...
Also the time when this song, by Karas, a group from the German Democratic Republic...
...to do a thing that we...
Good.
...you are.
Yes.
You're a wonderful person.
I'm the electric baby.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
That's what Lynch predicted you.
That.
That's.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.

Even the universe is now imperfect.
And before that, the solar system has subsumed into the electronic, dis-common state.
And so, the aliens, the Xs, are corporate media.
That come here to act out as actors, like other media on the stage.
pensa la responsabilidade
a Exact street
And we will ever be like all together
Now that we're here
And our feet are getting right
Because you're like
Witness that I've Bol feminized
And that will be 먹어 space...
What being circumvented...
Discarnate electric experience goes beyond Newtonian space.
The space program is essentially Newtonian.
Okay, we're post-Euclidean here in the discarnate state.
We have access to the whole universe.
We can stay on the planet and travel faster and farther than anybody who's stuck in one capsule.
He's like an old version of the angel.
He can go anywhere he wants, but he's only at that point when he's there.
Now, when you're discarnate, you're everywhere at the same time.
You're not limited to one body.
Just by watching TV or listening to radio.
Electric environments is where it's at.
That's where we get our slack.
I'm not going up to space in the pink program.
This is the Armed Forces Radio and Television Service.
Tony, what have you been drinking?
No, I haven't been drinking.
It's kind of a long story, but it ends with this little piece of paper right here.
Let's see.
Oh, one of those fanatic things.
No, this isn't fanatic. It makes sense.
That's what we do here. We make sense.
We make sense.
You know, we don't match with some standard.
We make sense. We make it up.
But it's important. It's what, it's momming what goes on in the world.
We're basing the world on illusion right now.
Before the gram is in my mouth, I'm not really worth it, baby.
Then reload, under roll, and it be sold.
Personal stay and little relief.
Before I do, so says I'm Michael and Janet.
Number one electric condition. It takes a toll.
But, there's someone told somewhere.
That's how I be. All due respect to all.
Honestly, this is B-Bop.
I'm going in.
I've had my bank's electricity since I was running rampant.
I just conked out. I don't even know what I've, uh, I'm sorry.
I hope you got that on tape. That's the end of the call. Thanks.
Alright.
Okay, goodnight. Alright, sorry, Bob.
I just blew up.
Yeah, you just, you woke up.
Everyone says, now let me fly in.


Under electricorn...
Under electricond…
There's no electricity.
respond immediately as if a drum beat was imposed on you right and then after
that you have the VCR okay you can tape shows and watch them at your own beat
your own pace and then you have the remote zapper move from station to
station therefore bypassing advertising take that take the tape deck and the
satellite dish and the private computer all of these have brought back the
sensation of interactive media and demand a media cable TV all these things
came in from middle 70s and that's when the me decade and then the new
conservative retrieval of the 18th century chafing at the bit to get back
to the original autonomy of the individual ideals in the American
Constitution whether liberal or conservative the 18th century concepts
have been retrieved as an icon as an effect of the retrieval of the human
scale
the human scale is a human scale
meaning that these monster media don't impose their drumbeat on you anymore
you
know
you
scale give em
yeah
sexual framework human scale within the satellite went around the major media
area
yes
radio
Then you get in the skin.
And the problem is that it was a mentally created situation if you're in the skin.
It was a mentally created situation if you're in the skin.
Music, compose, arrange, and conduct.
My love.
The punk movement.
The punk movement.
The punk movement.
Okay, that was the retrieval of the futile, but a retrieval of the low-tech,
medium-scale effort of the 60s as a temporary ending for an abit of blue,
but the world knew that was coming to an end with the mixed corporate media,
these giants dying.
Your rhythm, compose, arrange, and conduct.
My love.
Music, compose, arrange, and conduct.
My love.
Okay, we have another caller.
Hello.
So is this an example of taking the Bob show to human scale?
I mean, is there a hijacking going on here with people using their own private cassette operations,
mixing with telephone and radio,
therefore becoming private broadcasters and generators of their own?
Is that your own church syndrome?
Is that the meaning here?
Is that Bob being echoed and mirrored with the human scale effect?
Because everybody's becoming their own radio station now, right?
I think it's just people ranking off.
That's very important.
No, no, no.
They say that masturbation is the thinking man's television.
Now think of that.
Woo!
Okay.
Let's get.
Is that right?
Is masturbation the thinking man's television?
Could be, dear friends, could be.
Masturbation may be all you have left without the church of the subgenius
whose program this is and has been
and would like to continue it to be,
or something like that.
I hope you've enjoyed tonight's broadcast of Bob's Media Ecology,
written, performed, and produced by the young Reverend Ivan Stang,
whose program this is.
Ordinarily.
But tonight, your guest host has been me, Will of Dobbs.
Thank you.
Thank all of you listeners, and especially you callers and pledgers to tonight's program.
Sure appreciate it.
For those of you, and I know there are those of you who have many questions,
questions.
You'd like answered about the church of the subgenius,
and our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
that we were unable to answer tonight.
For those of you who have those questions,
please, please do not hesitate.
Do not wait another moment.
Write to Bob.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.




Ah.
Ah.
Ah.








Let him wash your problems away with Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
That address is P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
Don't forget, as if we'd let you.
That address, Bob.
Write to Bob.
P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.


in Dallas, Texas 75214.
The information is free
and it will set you free, my friends,
like it did me, he, and ye.
It's not that ecology and the interest of ecology are irrelevant.
They are relevant.
They're relevant.
It's just that they get exaggerated on a certain level
due to the electric effect.
They deal with the ecology of the old nature.
But what about the ecology of our technological environments?
See, our technological environments are our new nature.
Indeed.
They are things we've got to learn to create spaces for them,
just as we have to create spaces for insects.
That's all.
Or African wildlife.
Whatever your old nature or...
Pinks.
Non-pleasures.
...meatings and their spaces are,
we have to consider new media as new animals that need new spaces.
This means an orchestrating of the old nature and the new nature.
Are you an animal?
Am I suggesting that you're an animal?
Or am I suggesting that you might be a human being?
Bob is the Gom Jabbar that will prove your subgeniusnessness.
You're not a stinking human, are you?
No, you're one of us.
So prove it.
By writing to the Church of the Subgenius
or pledging to your local subgenius program, for example.
So dear friends, it's time for us to leave this place
and do those things we've been doing for a long time.
Those horrible things that we must do when we leave this place.
You don't even want to know.
But if you do want to know, don't forget that address.
Write to Bob.
P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Praise Bob, dear friends.
Thanks for listening.
His promise rings true.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Actually, mean to say that we are to give up technology forever
or is it just for a little bit?
Temporary wing.
Temporary.
What I call it is an ersatz.
E-R-S-A-T-Z, which means fake.
All right?
An ersatz anti-environment to this situation we're in
would be to have a temporary media fast,
particularly the most prominent electric media of television.
Television.
Yeah, and temporary. I never would take a point of view that any solution would be the final absolute solution.
Is it because the media is tainted?
No, it's because of the electronic dissonance, which is the formal effect of the electronic media archetypes battling it out and fighting the battle of Jericho today.
The content is only mere appendages, which we interpret as anthropomorphic.
But is that medium inherently bad? Can it be used at all?
Oh, yeah, it's good and bad. You know, it has services and disservices.
I don't like to use the word good and bad. It has services and disservices.
The point is, moderation may be the best policy as we have moved into a totally new dimension,
which the anthropomorphic element or the pinks of our time do not understand.
They cannot relate to. So let's give them a break and turn off the new element, the new water we're swimming in, so they can get a breather.
Us subgeniuses can take the new any time.
But we've got to take a sense of managerial responsibility.
The ecological effects that we're all involved in to give the pinks a chance to understand what has happened to them.
We have to have this extreme response of turning everything off in order to, because we've been so overcome with media and media technology,
that we have to do this to balance it out.
How about this, Wayne? This is my response to that. It is a balancing effort, but it will not happen.
The point is that since content is irrelevant, let's make the most irrelevant conceptual program.
Something that hogs all media content over the whole globe.
In other words, just as George Bush hijacks the global media with his Iraq theater,
why don't we hijack it and prop up a continuous Chinese water torture of talking about media ecology,
even though we know we never could implement it?
And you watch the effects of that.
See, that's why we have Slack. We can implement this as an idea just by talking about it,
but we don't have to worry about bureaucratizing the responsibility of implementing it.

We can implement that program or that idea.
We hand the ball over to whoever's listening.
There's nobody to hand it to. There's nobody at the switchboard. And we know that.
See, no idea, no program can have a continuous stronghold or watershed on the situation.
That's the flux and fluidity of the electric environment.
There is no ground for us to stand on.
And there's no ground for any media archetype to flow and hold a position.
No rock for it to connect with.
Everything's basically disappeared.
Speaking of the polarity of electricity,



You'll be comforted in yours so the organization can be of little use.
Yeah.
So that's why we've built up ongoingike that kaity which is트
are miniature integrated complexes Mexico
of energy supply,
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, so I've got to touch yourself back on this because I'm not saying anything because

and women right now.
And we're just,
we're human-discarnished
things right now.
Give me body.
Give me body.
If we turn off
the electric environment,
then we wouldn't be extended
in a discarnate situation.
