Who's there?
The Self Genius Power of Squatting
Now I know all about everything.
What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You see a farmer's got to go crazy.
Me?
Uh-huh.
Thanks, Grandpa.
Maybe I wish I was.
Yeah, I can lick anybody says a farmer's got to go crazy.
So we kind of think the fancy brass tacks causing anybody any dad-rattatin farmers a tep-eatin' bin-a-tan.
How are ya?
I'm crazy, Grandpa.
I guess all that's pretty dumb.
Recording, everything's going fine. No trouble. That's it.
I think we're in deep trouble because I just heard Spicer's comment.

And I didn't even know he was a fruit or an aromatic fragrance to begin with.
And yet at the same time, he barks like an animal.
Which particular comment? That's the new president's hate secretary, right? Secretary of hate?
Secretary of hate, yeah.
Which was, which statement?
Well, it started with a statement where he said some place near the fish pond or the wide angular pool in downtown Los Angeles,
on Delacoura, in D.C.
In Washington, D.C. during the war.
In Washington, D.C.
The Medicine Fish Pond?
We do know some people who actually went to the ladies' march, which was half-mans, it turned out.
It was a hermaphroditic march, I guess, on Soviet style.
Why not both?
Why not both?
That's right.
And she said she didn't have exact numbers, but it seemed like close to a million or, you know, a very, very large amount.
Mm-hmm.
And supposedly there was not so much of an amount the day before for the presidency inaugurals.
And yet, so Spicer came in and was real feisty and was going to beat up the press corps.
Well, they invented, the Trump people invented a new term, alternative facts.
Yeah, alternative facts.
Because they were going, we had more people here than the Obama inauguration, of course.
And they were going, no, here's some photos comparing the two.
Obviously, the Obama turnout was much larger.
And they went, no, that's an alternative fact.
This is the other alternative fact.
You know, the one that's not true.
But it's an alternative fact.
So, what are you, oh, you Democrats are all such hypocrites.
Yeah.
You want to have your own facts.
You don't think anybody else can have other facts.
Yeah, there are no more real facts.
They're clouded by sentiments.
And feelings.
There are alternative facts.
That's old news, though, Dave.
Yeah, it's old fake news.
The whole idea of what constitutes reality is coming in.
Quick, quick, quick, quick, quick, quick, quick, quick.
Question, question, I'm sorry.
Of course.
A good thing I had so much.
I peed in the bottle.
I'm sorry.
I wondered what that sound was and that odd smell, like asparagus.
Yeah, asparagus.
Well.
A metallic vegetable.
You know, I guess there's always been a bit of a problem with what's real news and what's
news news and what's real new news and what's just a bunch of malarkey, baloney, hogwash.
And what's enter newsment.
Yeah, enter newsment.
Infotainment.
Yeah.
Infotainment.
I love infotainment.
What was bleepo?
Porn-tainment.
Infotainment.
Infotainment.
I came up with infotainment.
Remember?
Infotainment?
I believe that.
Back in the early versions of my novel, my 300-year-old novel.
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, bleepo's trans-porn-tation.
Because it was infoscan then and anything that I said infoscan, I could put info in
front of anything like even infostain.
Right.
Or, and then you put scan on the back of anything like we scan.
Yeah.
Dave scan.
Yep.
Bob scan.
Oh, that's been taken.
Scan Bob, Bob scan.
Stinky Bob, Spum Pants.
God.
Bob is cool.
The endless rip-offs.
Good Lord, man.
Good Lord, man.
And all warranted and suitable in different colors and uses, you know, and suitable sizes.
Hey, but there's good news though for Cleveland people.
Good news?
Yeah, there's good news for Cleveland people and we can talk about it because we don't
stand for it.
We stand to make a penny off of it.
Good news everyone.
Yeah, the Winter Star Ball.
Yes.
Charity event.
Yes.
Is happening in Cleveland with Reverend Baby Bear preaching.
Yes.
And I think she'll be kind of early in the evening.
It's at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on February 12th, I believe, isn't it?
Yes, it's a Sunday night or it's a Sunday, it's a whole day festival.
It starts, I think at 11 in the morning and there are classes, it's free.
They ask for a love donation.
Yes.
And you can get a donation, but you don't have to pay.
It's just a charity thing for ACE to raise money for to keep the Starwood Festival going.
ACE being the Association of Consciousness Exploration.
Association for Consciousness Exploration.
Have you heard what they intend to do with the old Winter Star site down there in Delroy?
I think the old Winter Star site is a goner.
Well, they sold it to some cult and it wasn't us.
I mean, have you heard what they've done recently with the Lollipop?

They've done lawsuits involving gas and mineral rights.
I don't know anything about that.
The whole country's going to be under gas and mineral rights, OSS control bond,
with Schnapp and Stig and Co in there.
Hey, speaking of that kind of stuff, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, I got the scariest letter on Monday,
the first day the president went to work.
I got a scary letter on Friday that said, or a phone call that said,
our insurance rates on our house here had been rescheduled and that it's going to be more than twice as much.
But on Monday, I got a certified letter and you know those are bad.
They're never good.
No, just the green sticker is enough to make you feel paltry in the L.A.
Well, and this was from the local tax man.
Oh.
And they were saying...
Pink paper.
When...
When this was your father's place, it was taxed as agricultural use,
but now you have to prove that it's still agricultural use.
I'm like going, now I understand why Pappy had those poor wretched rabbits in that hutch.
I never could understand that.
And the deer feeder that sprayed me with corn every time I tried to fix it.
Well, I did fix it, but it now sprays me with corn every time I approach it.
Get one cow.
Get one cow and two female goats and maybe one male goat.
Oh, I've got...
I've had all kinds of ideas.
And sell cheese in Dallas.
Sell cheese in Dallas.
It's like everybody can do it, supposedly.
All you need is a Roosevelt or an Alpine goat and you can make goat cheese and you can sell it to hoity-toity people in the nearest big town like Cleveland or Dallas or New York City.
Well, you know the funny thing is, Dave...
Cuddle lamb.
I know.
I actually did look it up.
And you have to have seven cows.
Seven goats for this amount of area.
Uh-huh.
And that...
But everyone in life is required seven goats.
Does not Allah understand the firmness of the fruit cakes that we present to it?
I'm sorry.
Well, you know, we have rabbit...
I was literally about to start tearing down the dilapidated rabbit hutches out in the deep yard.
Yep.
Just getting ready to...
And I got this certified letter.
It said, oh, we're going to charge you a lot more money unless you can pay for your agricultural.
I'm going, well, it's a monarch butterfly sanctuary.
And it kind of could be.
Yes.
But it's not enough acreage to qualify.
Oh, no.
And I was going, we don't have to raise rabbits.
We could raise mermots and meerkats and lemurs and sloths, tree sloths, some kind of exotic animals, you know.
My sister used to have ostriches.
But...
Those things are a lot of trouble.
And I don't want to keep an animal in a cage unless it's a bug.
And I got to thinking I could have a roach farm.
Princess and we produce...
And we and I have more roaches than we know what to do with.
We can produce roaches like you wouldn't believe.
We would propel it, like make the batteries charge from it.
Well, and, you know, Bob prophesied in Dateline for Dominance back in the 80s that in the year 2000, everyone would be eating roach crap steaks.
And so I was thinking, you know...
Wasn't that the premise of Stanislaus Lems Futurological Congresses?
Yes, it was.
The same guy that wrote the one about the star that changed every boy who would think it was reality.
Yeah.
But Lems Futurological Congresses.
Everybody thought they were dining on beautiful steaks when it was actually mouse turds.
Well, Bob said it was going to be a bummer.
And that prediction came true.
So all of his predictions are going to come true.
And that means maybe I should invest in the roach farm.
But another thing he predicted was that teenagers in the future would...
And the future being now or immediate probably tomorrow, would...
There would be a fad of wearing broomsticks up your fundament, literally sticking out through a hole in your pants.
And poor kids would...
Wouldn't be able to afford the really good broomsticks.
They'd have these splintery ones, but they would hang a lot of heavy jewelry from them.
What a painful concierge you've become over the last few short minutes.
Not me.
This is something Bob predicted.
And I'm thinking, okay, investments.
You're reporting on them.
We've got to do...
We've got to become like Mr. Green Jeans somewhere or another to get the tax rights now.
Right.
We've only got five acres to do that with.
Right.
We have to be like Ed Geinz and...
Pet rocks.
Pet geese.
Pet rocks.
And a farm.
And hang...
We've got ants.
And hang around in the garage.
Oh, okay.
We could have an ant farm.
We could have...
We've got rocks.
We could sell pet rocks, although that's...
I don't know what the market for those is anymore.
And we have...
They have to glow in the dark to make any dough.
If you want to claim them to be Brazilian stalactites, you have to get them to make like a purple or a pink glow.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I just thought of something.
Wait a minute.
I got a new idea.
Okay.
Okay.
You know that we're trying to establish a roadside attraction.




To compete with the Creation Evidence Museum across town.
Yeah.
That we're gonna...
We may call it the Destructionist Evidence Museum.
I don't know.
We've got...
And we've been working with...
We've been moving our skeletons, Dave.
We've been actually...
You know, we excavated a devil skeleton, an alien skeleton, and two cave subgenius skeletons.
And we have a cyclops skeleton.
A skeleton kind of scattered around.
We're working on that.
It's heavy.
So, we're working on the displays.
And I'm thinking we could become...
We're gonna be having Yankee tourists show up.
Skull farming.
It has to be leaded.
It can't be...
Skull farming.
We could be skull farmers.
Yeah.
That's beautiful.
We'd have Yankee tourists showing up, you know, on a whim.
No way...
No...
You know, it's like...
You just passed...
You know, it's like the Stang's Roach Ranch.
Ghost fossils.
...where the human flesh can protrude from the underpants.
Man-eating chicken.
Five dollars.
Turn back.
Yeah.
Turn around.
See the...
See the...
See the murder trail.
That was an old vaudeville joke from the 1920s.
Man-eating chicken.
Right.
Well...
It wasn't a chicken that ate humans.
It was a man eating a chicken.
Never mind.
Right.
But today's post-literate audience, road travelers, don't know that.






They don't know about the gag.
Yes, but post-literate travelers do understand it because it's already...
Now it's class A.
Well, yeah, because we just said it on the radio, so we gave the gag.
Well, no, we haven't yet.
Yeah, friends.
Well, not blended in Blender.
Not blended, right?
When we have our Abusement Park, the Subgenius Abusement Park open here in Glen Rose, Texas,
we're home of the Safari Park and the fossil ranch and everything.
You can come and see the man-eating chicken.
$5.
One mile.
And the ghost fossils.
Right.
But we could get these...
The tourists come in and we make them kind of sign in or something.
Just this little disclaimer in case the murder well is acting up.
They have to sign the waiver.
Right.
The waiver.
We prod them to see whether anyone knows they're there and how long they're going to be away
from home and where they're going to be.













And then we farm their skulls.
And you called that videotape as well.
We farm...
You can't call it videotape anymore because it's a different thing entirely.
Can you record somehow?
Can you take that stuff down?
Well, we do that all the time anyway with the drones.
Those are always...
The little bitty drones are always recorded.
It's a pretty crappy picture, but, you know...
Yeah, but not...
Yeah, not the ones from France, the ones littered by Napoleon and the Grand Tsoirs,
you know, the ones that were...








What?
The grand dugeois, like the Templars of the Napoleonic Code used to wear bear skin rugs and argue with each other.
Well, we're ready for them.
Freezing rain.
Yeah, bring them on.
I'm looking at a bear skin right now, believe it or not.
Well, a bear head.
When I'm editing this, I'll be looking at a different bear head with a skin attached.
A bear head with bright, shiny, white teeth.
I never thought of that, but that's another thing we could do for the attraction.
The cave bear dance.
We'd reenact.
We'd get Dr. Legume to put the bear skin over him, and he'd use this music in the background.
Like King Kong.
It'd be like the natives dancing for King Kong to draw his attention to the blonde.
That would be quite spectacular.
Yeah, the mating dance of the cave subgeniuses.
You know, reenactment.
And he would have a big club, and he'd club the cave woman subgenius.
Who would that be?
I don't know.
Oh, she quit the church.
We can't use her.
Oh, well.
Some kind of false impression in his mind.
If not an actual, you know, ingrovement in his brain or area.
That's when you know you've got him, laddie.
When you can see the creases in their brains.
I wonder if you...
I wonder if Texas...
Or the feds or whoever offers a cult use exemption.
Like, I can easily...
Well, we don't actually have any minions out here at all.
We could.
Oh, we could fill it up with minions.
They'd all be dead in a few days.
Snake bites and blinded by cactus spines.
Shot by redheads.
Yeah, well, why don't we tell them that as an experience?
But we could.
We could briefly...
We could have them from Otterstile Inn right in the middle of the whole entire manuscript.
Of course, you know, I can't help but wonder...
I saw.
Why I suddenly got these two doubles...
Doubles in amounts we have to pay.
Did they...
Is somewhere in town...
Is there somebody who goes,
There's a cult in town, Sheriff.
But don't worry.
We all know about it.
And we're gonna make it tough on them.
You know, old partner down there at the...
Street office, he's gonna raise the taxes on them.
We gonna double up everything on them.
The road office, he's gonna...
He's gonna change their ag use tax rate.
They won't be...
They're gonna have to run back to Cleveland Heights.
Freeze to death up there.
Well, you could pay them all off.
This is the way things work.
It's a cult.
Usually every place else in the world, you could just, you know, show up with an envelope.
That's the problem.
We don't actually...
This is a pretty low-grade cult, man.
We don't have a single crazy millionaire.
Do you know that?
We almost had one.
But we blew it.
That reminded me.
I was gonna tell you that the town where I'm in right now, Howard Hughes, was a big honcho back in the 30s here.
And I remember some of his...
President Howard Hughes.
...partner's descendants, his partner's descendants had kids that when they weren't hanging out slumming with the, you know, regular high school and elementary school kids,
elementary kid students, that they would be going to some sort of preparatory academy like you and we both went to.
More science high.
We had to pay money to visit the mortuary.
But anyway, Howard Hughes and also the makers of the first molded fiberglass were all millionaires minted in this unholy grove of insanity right near here.
People are still buried like raisins in their head, you know, in their individual heads and parts of their skulls.
And, you know, I think that's what's really interesting about this.

In your town, Dave, have they built any Trump stops?
Well, Trump did appear.
No, I mean the Trump stop convenience store combined with the privately owned prison.
Like where the prisoners have to work to buy their food from the convenience store.
Or anybody else can go in the convenience store.
But Trump stops, yeah.
And they live behind the convenience store in a quarried off area where there's a special pond or retainer.
Well, they're mostly in...
Or a little Billy Swimming Pool or something.
No, no, they're in poor neighborhoods.
Well, I heard about the one in Cleveland Heights.
Mr. Sister told us that that big old building used to be, it was a liquor store and it was a blockbuster video and it was a theater and it was all these different things.
And it was empty for a long time.
Well, they tore it down and they're building a Trump stop.
And I've heard that those things are going up in pretty much just about every neighborhood, usually in the poor section.
Because that's where they gather the...
People to fill the privately owned prison.
And university areas and stuff where there's, you know, smarty pants, people with glasses, readers.
A lot of experimentation going on behind their backs and in their fronts.
You know, it won't be long before, well, let's call them terrorists, play games with those Trump stop signs and switch the words.
They'll switch the words around.
So, you know, the words are reversed.
And then they'll end up in the Trump stop.
It'll only be called Stop Trump for about a day.
Then they'll be caught and then they live in the Trump stop for the next seven or eight months, which they have to pay rent for, even though it's a prison.
You know, because they vandalize, they terrorize the Trump stop.
You know, if you're serving 1% as a viable snack for overeaters, for crying out loud, why can't you explode the whole manure tower, or tower city as they like to call it right now.
And did you know that Chief Pocahontas' blue corn grave is not too far from the old Erie Street Cemetery?
What?
What?
What?
Hey, there's an echo in here.
I forgot his name.
Hey, whatever he's taken, I don't want any.
Yeah, really, because my brain is, but he was, oh, corn planter.
Was it corn planter?
But a real famous revolutionary of the tribal militias who fought the encroachment of the Euro.
Strangers.
He's buried there and people keep on bringing blue corn this far east, just because they do.
They bring blue corn, they bring flowers and other things.
Well, didn't President Howard Hughes send the cavalry against that tribe and pretty much wipe them out?
1879, to this day in history, yep.
Yep.
It's the anniversary.
President Hughes, the first of the great billionaire megalomaniac.
Uh.
OCD, mentally ill presidents.
Yeah.
President Hughes.
The other 400 pounds, Mr. Taft style.
Well, there's President Rothschild and President Roosevelt.
President Rockefeller.
President Rockefeller.
President Morgan.
President Bilderberg.
Vanderbilt, you know.
President Schicklgruber.
So, yeah, yeah, President Morgan.
I remember all those great.
Insane millionaire despots, dictators, tyrants.
They just had an anniversary of where I live around here where there was a great train disaster in the 1870s.
And it was in the same year and all these people got died and they couldn't put out the fire because there wasn't company policy because they wanted to keep the tracks clear and let the fire burn out and stuff even if there was human bodies in it.
And I guess Vanderbilt was worth like billions in today's money.
He owned the railroad and there was all this stuff and they all committed suicide except for the ones who were really killed by Pinkertons or Wells Fargo guys, whatever they are.
The Pinkertons are often the bad guys in.
Cowboy movies.
Yeah, cowboy movies and shows.
Yeah.
In Penny Dreadful, there were Pinkerton bad guys coming all the way from America to arrest the Wolfman in England.
Yeah.
In Jim Jarmusch land, even the competitive Austrian ones and stuff.
They're allowed to fight too as long as their feet are big enough.
The Hussians or what are they called?
The Hessians.
Yeah, right.
I couldn't quite get that.
Smelly, big smelly.
The Headless Horseman was one of those.
Yeah, he was a Prussian though.
That's why he gave his boots the order to lick himself clean.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes.
You know, one thing about Tarzan's radio station, you can drink coffee.


Right at the board.
I got a big old mug of Merc here in a Tinkerbell.
It's my Tinkerbell, my lucky Tinkerbell mug.
If this mug ever shatters, I'll die at that moment or within a day.
Don't say that.
I know that happened to our friend who had the Marvin the Martian mug.
Right.
It broke and he died.
No, he got it.
He got a replacement for the one that broke the day before he died.
Right.
Right.
You can't blame it all on him.
You can't blame it on the boss.
So it's okay if this Tinkerbell mug breaks, but I better not get a replacement.
Don't get a replacement.
Right.
Well, some of them were actually juicy young children before they strangled their heads
with like they had pus thermometers back then.
They were very, very wicked and extremely insightful.
He said pus thermometers.
Pus thermometers.
That's what I thought he said.
I believe that's what Dave just said, pus thermometers.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, it has to do with infarctious disease and rapid encroachment.
You know.
I was reading about some kids are so neglected by their emotionally frozen moms that the
only time they feel any real tenderness from their mom is when they're sick and she sticks
the pus thermometer in.
Oh, of course.
And that's their idea of love.
And that's why they grow up wanting pus thermometers all the time.
Did you read Psychopathic Journal?
Gross.
Extremely gross.
Craft Ebbing.
Yes.
I've subscribed to that.
Sure, man.
I get the Coetzee news.
That's the Theosophical Journal if you're looking for a felonious assault charge or anything
with academia involved in it.
That's the paper that everybody reads like a rapid evacuate and toilet paper.
Now, which one are you talking about?
The old Soviet humorist.
I forgot what his name was.
Oh.
Oh, no.
I thought you were talking about the Atlas of Sexual Depression.


The Atlas of Sexual Depression.

Which is a pretty funny read.
I forget even what's the name of that.
We've got a copy of it here.
I have read from some of those, not that one, but another book of aberrant sex practices.
Some of which are perfectly fun, you know, if you're a subgenius or from New Guinea tribesmen.
Yeah.
Why not both?
Yeah.
What you have to do is you have to like prepare your body with liquid oils.
You have to do it with liquid oils and ointments and stuff.
And then you just press the paper, the diagram or the, actually the diaphragm when we're joking
around and stuff like that against the penicillin and stuff.
And you actually secrete the sebaceous glands.
You suck the pus right out of the endo-durometer and there you are just like the same as you
started off as.
I like the whistle it makes when you do that.
As it bubbles, the air hissing past the pus.
I think that all the stuff is a little bit of a joke.

It's being drawn.
Talk of pus sucking is disgusting.
Well, don't become a, don't, don't get a job at the pus clinic then, hon.
I'm not.
Oh, sure you're not.
Like we haven't heard all the news on Facebook and Twitter and any other previous engagement,
like tweets at three o'clock in the morning saying, I'm going to go work at St. Mary's
tomorrow afternoon at six o'clock and I'm going to be there at B square.
And you are.
Okay.
It's vicious, man.
How can they continue?
I'm going to do that stuff to you.
Don't ask me about it.
My father was a lawyer.
He's an actual plutocrat from a planet Pluto.
You know what I mean?
Your dad was a loiterer?
He was a loiterer and an ingestator of false drugs, which is why they had to throw him
out of the moronic church of San Gabriel mountains.
They were all married, you know, pilgrim people, so they used to call them, but none of them
were actually related to any of the people.
We used to train them in law Spider, nieuweouse
are in New청 교육 and��르� Usually said, like, But I didn't mind them interested
with any of the Polish legal issues.
Well, oh dear.
Oh dear.
Dr. Hal was there.
He's going, Stang, why are you telling me secrets?
This guy we don't even know.
And I go, oh, we know him.
And the guy's like thinking to himself, what's Stang on?
How do they think they know me?
This is my first X day.
Right.
Yeah.
It's like, and that used to even happen in Sherman, too.
He's a subgenius who also.
It used to happen years and years ago, even.
Yeah.
It was like a monogram activity where these two people who would each think that they knew each other and didn't or did,
but through a totally different circumstance, would hash it out on the comms,
just like the British and the Soviet sex machines, you know.
Then that's how they get the.
Spunky, funky, spunky, funky, funky rhythm and so forth.
That was pretty good imitation you did of those.
Speaks.
Yeah.
I would have thought it was a recording.
Yes.
It is a recording.
Well, it is a recording now.
May not be a good one.
I wouldn't worry about that.
Oh, we don't worry about that.
Who's listening anyway?
A bunch of subgeniuses.
They'll listen to anything, obviously.
You can just tell.
Listen to them listening.
They're listening to this.
Yeah, case closed.
I rest my case.
Why do you think they call them subgeniuses?
Oh, I already used that joke this week.
Well, it never wears thin.
It's like a piece of bad parchment.
We'll be here every Sunday night, folks.
Sorry.
Hey, I saw a funny sign as I was driving through the small Texas town.
It was apropos of nothing.
Somebody just had a sign that they could put words on.
So the words they put on it was,
If it crawls, it bites.
If it grows, it sticks.
Yeah.
And at first, I didn't quite understand.
And then I went, oh, that describes all the flora and fauna of our beautiful North Texas cross-timbers area here.
Yes, neatly described.
Everything that crawls, bites.
And everything that grows has spines.
And all of them have some form of venom.
It doesn't have to crawl to bite.
If it flies, it bites.
If it swims, it bites.
I think they left a lot of stuff off.
If it crawls, flies, or swims, it bites.
And if it grows or...
It bites.
It bites.
Yeah.
Goat heads.
That's because...
Goat heads.
Just like the goat heads of New Hampshire and Vermont and all the Great Lakes region.
Did you know that in your adopted homeland, in the Great Lakes region there, near Cleveland,
Cleveland,

there's a whole little baby hill?
It's a solid Ontario quartz crystal.
Isn't that weird, man?
A hill?
A baby hill?
I'm leaning into the mic to hear him.
That's a solid quartz crystal.
It doesn't work.
Where is that?
It's near Kirtland.
Not far from Kirtland.
Actually, Thompson.
Thompson.
No.
It's in Thompson.
And what are you planning to do?
What are you going to do with this gigantic jewel?
I was going to use it to mine control everybody in the entire Great Lakes region and get as
far south as North Carolina.
That's how they did it in Atlantis until the great crystal inevitably exploded.
Used for evil.
They always end up using it for evil.
And you would too, Dave.
Once you get that great crystal working, you know it's going to go to your head.
You know the power's going to go to your head.
Next thing you know, you'll be building...
You'll be saying, I'm going to build a wall and make them pay for it.
Now give me a billion dollars because I just said that.
And it's true because I said it.
And by the way, that other guy over there, he's a loser.
It's sad.
That's when you're supposed to grab your crotch and pull it up and down and stuff like that.
You can just walk right up and grab them by the country.
I used that one two months ago.
Did you really?
I didn't recall.


I don't recall it.
Oh, yes.
I said it more slowly.
I don't recall the commercial in the actual...
Referring to female cats.
Ah, geez.
Shut the front door.
No, I meant our great land.
The home of the...
The mega lab.
The first and final of the official reasons for committing tumorous extradition.
Actually, I must say, even though the regime has completely changed overnight, it's still










a moment in life of

Calm down.
There's no room for doubt.



Something seems more and more obvious to me, and no one really knows about it, because
I couldn't charge from my side.
Why are people trying to determine my side and who I'm actually trying to challenge?
Hmm.
for the worst.
Unless we start raising
Dobbsheads.
If we can register this as a
Dobbshead farm, those things
are like rabbits. They just reproduce
out of control.
Thank Misericordium.
Well, with the assistance of a Xerox machine.
Yeah, they proliferate
insanely, Dobbshead do.
If we could get
agriculture
use qualification for
a Dobbshead farm,
or pipes.
I'll help. Pipe farm.
Where can we get
pipe seeds? Because they don't take up that much
room. They're fairly small. They take a long
time to grow.
When you talk about
branding, I think that what you just
said was ideal. We should just
encapsulate the entire whole movement
into one kind of easily
saved spermatozoa
thing. Really? What was it I said
that was good? Well, no, I
forget because I'm all frothed up and everything.
But it was beautiful.
Well, a pipe farmer...
Pipe farmer? No, no.
We could replace all our century
plants with pipe seeds
because they
take about that long to grow. Just a
little six-inch long Dr. Grabow
pipe can take
years. That's right. It was
a Dobbshead. That's
right. That's where we left off.
Yeah, the Dobbshead farm.
Yeah.
They've been growing the Dobbsheads out there.
Look at all the...
All them pipes sticking up out there, catching the sun,
waving in the breeze,
smoking.
When the moon comes out is when they do their
dirty work. You should see them fornicate
like evil, foul creatures.
You saw them so soggy and smelly
like a moist potato or something.
You have to let them run underneath your sink.
Medical jalapeno.
We could make a medical jalapeno farm.
Medicinal jalapeno.
Is that legal in Texas yet?
Because I was thinking, man, we've got
the perfect place to grow medical
jalapeno.
Well, if you can get down to...
It's obvious they're waging
warfare on you, Stan.
They're trying to get you out of that house.
They want to divide it up for their own purposes.
Oh, yeah. If they ever
chase us away, I know at that moment
Walmart would suddenly
buy the property we just
faked out.
They're thinking about even
hunting camps and things like that.
We've already gotten...
We have a hunting camp here.
Yeah, but they're supposed to pay you
under the system they're going to come up with
once they get rid of you.
They'll make all the money from
people coming from Wyoming
to hunt the aboriginal bear species
of Glen Rose, Texas.
Which is a
Willie... a Waylon Nelson song,
not a Willie Channing song,
but a Waylon Nelson...
Never mind.
A Willie Nelson song.
Willie Nelson.
The...
The...
Hey, we could become beekeepers.
We could grow honey.
Actually, that is something that qualifies you.
I did look over a website
real fast just a little while ago.
And beekeepers was one of them.
Doesn't my ex-wife
raise bees?
Now I understand why she raises the bees.
To get...
She has beehives
and stuff. The kids were telling me about it.
Plus, you can also get...
I'm proud of my ex-wife.
She led a...
one of those women's marches in Beaumont, Texas.
She organized it herself.
She was on the news.
Yes, my stepdaughter said that she had tried to find one.
I think some of the people that we know,
like Michelle and all the people,
are pretty heroic for actually doing that.
Yeah, everybody's ex-wife was heroic.
Michelle is Chaz's ex-wife.
My mammy didn't go.
My mammy wife didn't go.
She's busy talking about how great she was.
Well, my daughter didn't go.
Oh, I'm just kidding.
My daughter didn't go on one of those women's marches
because she would have had to take her kids
and she was afraid to take her kids
to a place that might be violent.
Dallas, Texas Women's March,
the day after the inauguration,
or the day of the inauguration.
I don't know that there was riots in the streets or anything.
Did any of them take their shirts off?
That's what I want to know.
Were any of them?
Topless.
Oh, I'm such an animal.
I'm such a beast.
Right, right.
One-track mind.
These are very mature protests nowadays, Stang.
Like I said before, they're half male
or whatever the proper proportion is
of males to females on planet Earth.
It's very close to that.
It's mostly women, but by just a hair.
I'm sorry.
Close.
Yes.
That must have been his last hair.
I'm sorry to hear that, Dave.
I know you don't have that many left.
I know how it is.
I've only got real long ones,
but there's only seven or eight of them.
But you don't have nearly as many brightly colored dents
in your head as I do.
No.
In the bald spots.
No.
And that's how you know you're a real man,
a real macho hombre.
Well, I have what looks like dents,
but they're optical illusions
because they're really just, you know, patches.
Well, nobody's perfect,
except for me.
Except the president.
Now, you know, the women's marches in New York State
could have gone topless.
You just said so three times so you'd remember.
It's legal in New York State,
but it's not the right temperature
to go topless these days.
It's a little chilly.
See, that's a conspiracy for you.
Yeah, let's make it legal for women
in the frozen north to go topless.
There's summertime there.
It's just not, that's not when the march was.
Sex is something you do with a hired person in a hotel room.
Yeah.
And don't talk about it.
You know, that's the new,
that's the new,
that's what it says on the new White House website, right?
That they've replaced the transgender page
with the motel room sex page.
And golden showers and the trickle-down theory.
Oh, yeah.
Those jokes, by the time this show gets out,
those jokes are going to be a million years old.
Oh, yeah.
They'll be tremendously millions of years.
Because we're in a dromedary zone
where each 25 seconds or something like that
is the equivalent of a minute's time
of actually, you know, overshoes over time.
We're not that far in the black hole yet.
Yeah, but you have to think of what the incision point is,
where one part goes north
and the other part goes southwest.
Well, the way it is now, I think it's like,
it's for every, say, 10 seconds here,
it's three minutes outside.
Right.
That's what I thought, too.
Yeah, it was usually,
well, what you said was a lot more than that.
It was a much bigger discrepancy.
Oh, okay.
Time discrepancy.
Well, I can't exaggerate a little bit.
You can point across,
especially when I'm dealing with hard-to-code faction science.
Well, it's kind of a pointless argument
because the people outside the black hole event horizon,
well, the ones that were there when we went in,
they're all dead now.
And they ain't.
When we come out,
they're underpinned.
They're underpinned.





They're underpinned.
There might not even be a human race left.
Yeah.
Just the people like us that were in the black hole
during Mr. Rush.
Yeah, or a dog race.
Right.
Until the next election
when we'll come out of the black hole.
Like zombies with our heads frozen
and our eyes glistening red in the dark.
But no, really,
if you want to hide and avoid a long, bad time,
black hole's the way to do it.
Go in there.
If five minutes pass for you,
you come out.
And it's like 100 years later.
And it's become either worse or much better.
Right.
Go back in the black hole if it got worse
and wait for it to get better.
Yeah.
When you finally come out of the black hole
and it's like Morlocks and Eloy,
then you know you timed it just right.
Those Morlocks know how to party.
And man, they can throw a barbecue
like you would not believe.
Yeah.
If you've never had an Eloy face sandwich,
boy, you ain't lived in the far,
far future.
That sounds like the name of a band I almost joined.
Eloy face sandwich.
Eloy face sandwich.
He's trying to be like Charles Madison.
Wrap your liquor in something good.
I don't understand.
Mmm.
Yum.
But I could...
Sinterkles.
That's what they don't have in Holland anymore.
They have St. Bosco or Aunt Juicy
or Three Cream Loretta or something.
I don't know.
These people are just trying to market everything
but now they've got trumpet on style.
And that guy's never told the truth in his entire life
and yet he's got people going,
they think he's like the new messiah or something.
Of what?
I mean...
It's not the new messiah.
It's the new-ma-new messiah.
You're right.
The new-ma-new messiah.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's about right.
That does add up.
Hey, we came up with a new funny name for you, Princess.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
The phrase I wrote down was,
my wife is a slack pile.
Yes.
My wife is a slack pile.
I believe that I sprouted that last night and said,
I am nothing but a slack pile.
And you liked it.
You're a doctor behind it.
Well, I've been doing a photo essay on our piles,
our family piles.
I'm not kidding, by the way.
I really am working on a photo essay on our family piles.
Don't be disgusting.
That's guilty.
I'm talking about piles of...
You have a dirty mind.
You're thinking about piles of something else.
I'm talking about piles of rocks.
And trees.
And trees, dead limbs, piles of fence posts.
Yes.
Piles of bones.
You have many of those, do you?
Piles of wild materials.
Mostly piles of rocks.
Yes.
And trees.
So you actually have organic material organized...
Sawdust.
Piles of sawdust.
Oh, you've got to get rid of that.
I haven't photographed it.
It'll be fine.
It'll explode.
Yeah.
Yeah, they get hot and explode.
They're going to start cooking pretty soon.
If you don't have any rain down there real quick and everything,
they're going to start cooking pretty soon.
You can just plunge your hand fiercely like a mighty Viking warrior,
which is where they got the name for wine mariners,
or like the Wehrmacht or something.
Oh, that's what I wanted to write down.
I almost forgot something about the...
The other thing about the Morlocks bars,
their rock and roll is...
Morlock rock?
Uh-huh.
Kicks ass.
Really?
It's great.
Kicks ass?
Yeah.
Morlock hip-hop.
Yeah, well, you came to kick, so to speak.
As they speak in modern...
Morlock death rock.
Yeah.
They have very strange voices.
Very soft and sweet and giggly
for such a huge, hulking, blue-skinned, long-haired thing.
They sing like little girls.
Yeah.
They grunt.
If they're chasing you, they're all like...
They're huge, monstrous.
But when they sing, it's kind of sounding like yes.
They're like the birds.
Around the lake.
Yeah.
Mountains come out of the sky and they stand down.
Did you hear the echo?
Yes.
With my hearing aid, I heard the little echo in here.
So we got the opposite of one of those paneled sound studios.
We're doing this in what might as well be a cave.
It is full of rocks now.
Yes.
Have you done any cave paintings yet?
Or are you just still working on mostly sophomore humor and anal reptilian?
Oh, I heard the puppy dog.
Well, yeah.
That's dammit.
You see?
In the big echoey cave.
I'll turn the music off so you can hear that.
Get him to bark some more.
Let's torture him.
Come back and sit down.
See if you can get him to walk on the brown part of the floor.
He won't do that.
The dog has some strange autistic...
He will not walk on the new floor here.
About ten years ago, Pappy had the light-colored floor replaced with a dark-colored floor.
It's like fake wood tile.
It's probably a fake type of wood that's kind of yucky that dogs know about and humans don't know about.
No, he's just nuts.
He's just nuts.
No.
Well, you never can tell.
Because my dog had a bunch of similar, especially when he got older,
he had similar, like, aversions to places and things and stuff.
And I would find out later, oh, there was a chemical spill there.
Oh, that's where they ran the honor blue spicing, the spicer drills, and the thermometers.
Well, for all I know, the reason dammit won't get in that utility vehicle is that Pappy abused him once in there.
You know, groped him or something.
I don't know.
Now, that's...
He acts like he's traumatized by that vehicle.
You hear him over there?
Did you hear that?
He was agreeing.
He's going, that's right.
Pappy abused me.
He touched me there.
He touched me there.
Actually, he'd love it if somebody would touch in there.
We have to pay the vet extra to touch in there, actually.
Because I don't want to use the rubber glove.
You're causing me damage here right now.
We're going to have to drag that guy back to Cleveland.
This giant hound dog.
I can tell he's dying by the sound of his roof.
Yeah, yeah.
He'll bring the roof down all right.
I can't because...
Yeah, he's like an acrobat on the rugged cliffs around here, but he refuses to go up a staircase.
And he won't walk on the brown floor.
We have to have runners all over the house so the dog can get from room to room.
It's like we're slaves to this.
He's a big animal.
He also won't walk along a hallway where there's a rail and a room a floor down from him.
Yeah, there's like a balcony, a second floor balcony indoors that looks like...
That's the same room that you can suck the blood out of the walls.
Like there's some painting or something.
Hey, you don't talk about that.
I'm going to have to cut this part.
I'm going to have to edit this part out.
Remind me to do that.
Don't let me leave this part in the show.
Because they'll play it back and listen closely to what he said.
There was a room in your house that like if you moved the painting, you could suck the blood out of the wall.
We're just going to have to cut that part.
Why would you want to cut it?
I think it would be entertaining and informative, at least in the very most demeaning way.
It's enlightening.
It's enlightening is what it is.
It helps people understand the inner workings of Stang Ranch, Dockstock Mountain.
It helps people understand the inner workings of Stang Ranch, Dockstock Mountain.
It makes me want to join the SS or the DD or the FF or the KKK or the PTN or the CIA or the MOSAD.
It makes me want to do a little dance.
A little folk dance.
Kicking and skipping and jumping around.
See, he can't even hear the music and yet he sings right along with it.
He's singing along with it perfectly.
I have chimpanzee-like arms and beautiful.
Beautiful lady's feet which I wear in high heels, but even old.
Of course, sometimes the underpants are larger than me, but I know how to do the job.
Oui, oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.
Mais oui.

Hey, man.
Yeah, we should be playing Texas music.
I've got a cassette over there of Sons of the Pioneers.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I love that.
Well, my dad left all kinds of cool stuff around here.
Most of them he bought CDs to replace his old cassettes, which he had bought to replace the LPs, which I still have.
Well, I bet I would be better.
Marty Robbins, Hank Snow, Hank Williams, all them Hanks.
He had all the Hanks.
See, with today's vinyl revival, you could make some dough.
Or you could at least put them in a very special place where you've, you know, got them on CD, but they're stored in like a liquid container.
One in Detroit or Mount St. Helens.
What is it?
That town that, yeah, one in Detroit I would go to.
What's the name of Reverend Angry Larry's store?
It's so obvious.
It's right in the name of my tongue.
Now I'm going to have to edit that back in.
Again.
Wordsville.
Wordsville.
Yeah, of course.
Wordsville Records.
Wordsville Records.
God, how could we?
We've been there.
It's my name, for goodness sake.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, Weardsville.
Yeah, Weardsville.
Records in Detroit.
My book are many, many mentions of Wordsville, which, you know.
That actually, God, how could we forget that even for a second?
You know why?
It's the only, what do they call it?
Feet on the...
Feet on the ground store that sells subgenius ministerships.
Brick and mortar.
Yeah, it's the only...
Brick and mortar.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Store in the whole world that sells subgenius membership.
Ordinement kits.
Well, see now, it's already, you're already like marketing two different brands because in the book that we're, that you're doing of my book in there.
Yeah.
I mentioned Weirdsville is a place where the weirds live and we know that it's an actual location now.
At least you can smell it sometimes.
You know what I'm saying?
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
Well, I just think that Angry Larry named his store after that, even though he had never heard of it.
Yeah.
Yeah, he named it after your book he hadn't read.
Right.
Yeah.
It was later, but you know, the book is over 30 years old.
So...
Well, and if you go to Weirdsville Records, you get the autograph of Reverend Angry Larry.
Well, he used to get my autograph and a piece of his.
And a piece of his.

And a piece of his consignment piece along with three bags of thunder pants.
Right.
There you go.
See, it's a good deal for all around.
All around.
Yeah.
Prosperity.
See, prosperity has returned to America.
Yeah.
We'll get all the working classes.
We'll build them up again the way we want to.
We'll have one half of the country staring at the other half of the country in a menacing gesture.
Well.
I don't know why.
I'm glad people aren't as mean in real life as they are on the internet.
You know, because sometimes these, like, I sometimes think after having a chat with someone,
you know, in town at the post office or the store or whatnot, that they go home and I
go home and say horrible, nasty things to each other anonymously on the internet.
We don't know that that's the, you know, that I'm the libtard that he hates so much and
he's the right tard that I hate so much on the internet.
Not that I actually get into those kind of things, but a lot of people do.
I do not use the internet that way.
I use this radio show that way because it's a one-way street and those right tards can
just simmer and go, I'm going to change the channel.
I'm sick of this Bob stuff.
I didn't know it was supposed to be libtards.
I thought pinks.
I thought, I know they hated pinks.
I figured that meant queers and sissies, communists and stuff.
Not people with white-colored pink skin and silly pink brains.
Actually, it's not people with white-colored pink skin.
It's people with pink attitudes.
Anyone can be a pink, a simpering, cowardly pink.
The pink considered a pink crawling along, whipped, abject, worshipping his boss, hoping
to stay at work.
Work longer so he won't have to go home to his pink, pink family.
Pity the poor pink boy.
Well, but you wouldn't be afraid to talk to me behind some internet screen.
No, you just...
No, it makes you quite brave.
It makes you as bold as balls.
So brave.
Oh, people.
People are so brave on the internet.
I'm stupid.
That's when their teeth start to hurt.
You can tell, like, I'm stupid.
I don't know, man.
It bothers me sometimes.
Nobody says, I'm stupid.
They all say, you're stupid.
And then they spell the word stupid wrong.
And they use the wrong form of you're.
And think of all the time that that puts you through wondering how people can be so stupid
in today's modern America and why these days.
Phenomenon.
And then what's worse is...
Then you go and do something just as stupid.
Or I do, anyway.
Well, you're saying...
Just when I'm thinking somebody else is so stupid, then I do something so stupid.
Like, pay attention to them, for one thing.
Well, is it the responsibility of the medium or the argument or the artistic endeavor?
Or what's, you know, what's up with that?
Well, I had an obnoxious friend who thought that the reason that he couldn't get along with people
was because...
It was the internet.
And it's not just the internet.
It was Usenet.
The old part of the internet was made people bad.
Mm-hmm.
I understand that.
But it was just...
I think it was actually that this particular individual had outlived his stay on that part of the internet.
And just one too many people had kind of blown him off.
It's a rough world out there.
It's tough.
It is.
It's getting even rougher, too.
I've lowered his Livermore Laboratory for all he knew.
He's old.
Yeah.
Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know about this internet.
It was supposed to be so...
It was really wonderful for when no one but smarty pantses knew what the heck it was.
I didn't know what it was for the first 10, 15 years it was around.
Couldn't understand what they were talking about.
Philo.
He was on the internet.
I was on the internet.

And I was like, I'm gonna go to the internet.




And then the scales fell from my eyes.
And I was paying AOL a buck a minute for a week or two.
Then I learned how to do it under the hood.
Because I couldn't afford the early internet.
So I switched over to Usenet.
The basement.
Cleveland Freenet, in fact.
Yes.
One of the earliest branches.
One of the first ones.
The ones, yes.
Yeah, those were the days.
It was an outlaw world.
It was free.
And I remember thinking, this is going to change everything, but in about 15 years, it's going to turn into television.
And it did.
And it did.
It did.
That's the problem.
It turned into it.
But, I mean, television has vastly caused more corruptigation of the brain.
It's really bad stuff.
I think the Internet has caused more bad stuff than television did.
More ignorance.
Because you can find any stupid thing validated by a million other ignorant people.
And it wasn't that way before.
Nope.
Never was.
You had to, in order to have your idiotic ideas validated, you had to go to special bookstores frequented by creepy people in long raincoats.
That's right.
Yeah, if you wanted to find your kook literature, you had to go to kook stores.
Or, at the very least, the occult section of the used bookstore.
Yes.
But now, oh, I get all my news from Twitter and Tweeter and Pitter and Patter and all my friends.
Look at this terrible, look at this awful article from this news source called The Onion.
It says here that they've got an abortion mall where you go and just have abortions all day long in a big shopping mall.
That humor article was passed around.
It was fact about 20 years ago.
And now look.
Yeah, also the idea of welfare queen.
Now they really do have abortion malls.
If only.
That would be kind of interesting and strange and horrifying, nightmarish.
Yeah, but it's one of those made-up icons that never existed, like a welfare queen.
It turns out that was a big bunch of BS.
And it was, well, this woman in St. Louis who had seven children decided not to go to work one day.
Because, you know.
She could get money from Uncle Don.
Well, and it turned out that all those people that Hillary Clinton murdered with her bare hands, none of those stories were true.
Isn't that weird?
Can you believe it?
I thought all that time, I thought that she had had that murder den and, you know, had kidnapped all those prostitutes and tortured them.
And it turned out that she didn't do any.
She hadn't even been accused.
She hadn't been convicted of any crime.
I don't think she's even been sued.
Lock her up.
Lock her up.
My song that I'm writing right now, that I'm trying to get finished as quickly as possibly can, is going to have, is going to have, believe me, believe me, believe me.
Trust me, trust me, trust me.
Because as you know, if you say something three times, people will believe it.
That's marketing theory.
Price Bob, Price Bob, Price Bob.
Oh, that's not something you believe.
I don't really want everybody to believe that anyway.
No.













Well, say that three times.
Somebody once accused us of being elitists, as if that was an accusation.
It's like, duh.
We're the ultimate elitists.
We're the most elite people on the planet.
We're the people that sent 35 bucks to J.R. Bob Dobbs, I'll have you know.
That's pretty damn elite.
That's only like .01% of the population.
And they can parachute, too.
We have innate and inordinate skills.
Innate.
Parachuting.
Underwater scuba fighting.
Ninja materials and so forth.
Only it's all on a mental plane.
But I don't know how stupid you'd have to be to go there all the time.
But they put it up like all a habeas corpus, you know.
And then right next to the docket number, it said case number 12759.
Stang goes nuts.
Strangles weeds.
Weed shoots stang in foot.
Stang collapses in a pile of manure.
Well, but one thing we can be glad about.
We now know that.
That any boy can grow up to be president no matter how ignorant, foolish, and insane he is.
If his daddy is rich enough.
Any boy can grow up to be president.
Any idiot can grow up to be president.
Take care of yourself.
We'll get a million more if not.
You're cut off for a week.
And half the people will vote for it.
Well, just a little under half of the voters.
The more smug the idiot.
A billionaire populist.
Right.
There you go.
That's it.
It's a world of oxymorons now.
And I don't mean subgeniuses neither.
Or fetal alcohol syndrome.
Although that probably has a lot to do with it.
Or jumbo shrimp.
Yeah.
We have to end the show now.
Or at least we have to do the stuff that we say at the end of the show in case we're near the hour.
Because it's like this thing says 103.
But we didn't start immediately.
When I recorded.
Yeah.
So, friends.
You're listening to Hour of Slack number 1,607.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com.
Percolate and tickles ink.
You can write to our post office box in Cleveland.
Or our post office box in Texas.
Right.
In the wintertime and early spring, it's in Texas.
In the blistering summer, it's in Cleveland Heights.
But I don't know how much longer we can do that.
At subgenius.com.
What a brilliant PSA and runaway slot for the naked.
Those few among us who have to reach out and pull that same old fanny whistle every afternoon at 345 p.m.
You know?
It's like, God, we're like a scientist or something.
Shall we give those P.O. box numbers or?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Right.
I didn't do the P.O. box number.
Okay.
P.O. box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Or in Cleveland Heights area.
Which is sort of like Cleveland.
But higher.
But higher.











Most office box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And that's the end of this show.
But now is the part where we do the internet only ad.
Oh, the special internet ad.
Well.
This is an advertisement right now?
Well, yeah, because there's a lot of people that just don't understand that we're not kidding about this.
This subgenius ordainment kit that we sell.
It really does ordain you as an ordained minister.
And if not, then.
I have gained personal pleasures from it.
Huh?
What?
I have gained personal pleasures from it.
And privilege is beyond my wildest orgasm.
Well, yeah, come to think of it, Dave.
What was it now?
26 years ago or no, 16 years ago.
Lonesome cowboy Dave married you and me, Princess.
Using his subgenius ministership.
Yes.
And I was able to get on your health insurance at that moment.
Yes, thanks to Dave marrying us.
That was a secret marriage.
Only the insurance company knew about that.
And we had a public marriage about two years later.
About one year later.
There was like people putting champagne bottles in their rectums and stuff like that.
And here's to the bride and the one guy had a gun.
No, no.
You're thinking of Reverend 808 and Giggle Puss's wedding in New York.
I thought Reverend Adolf Hitler was what you were going to say at first.
But everybody knows he didn't have that kind of thing.
No.
Oh, man.
There was an incredible daisy chain at the 808 and Giggle Puss's wedding.
And it got so frenzied, the power went off.
It like blew a fuse.
The orgasmic radiation actually blew the power fuses in the building.
Yes, it did.
Just by rays.
Just by their rays.
That was an amazing.
Anyway, friends.
Friends, if you get online or send in your 35 bucks that we can't talk about on the college radio stations,
well, you get to do that kind of crazy stuff.
You get to be the preacher at the marriage.
Or you can come to X Day and actually get married.
We've had a wedding at almost every X Day.
Sometimes two.
Sometimes they're actually human beings marrying each other.
Twice.
They're special.
Twice we've had weddings at X Day where.
The couple had gotten married before as regular man and woman with their families.
But they came to X Day to get married as woman and woman.
Or man and man.
Right.
So, you know, it's like one was wearing a groom costume and one wearing a bride costume at their family wedding.
But then they're both wearing brides costumes at the X Day wedding.
Subgenius.
You know, as Bob said, friend.
Watch two girls making it.
I'd rather be two girls making it.
I think that that line is what made the transgender type.
The X Day was a little septangular.
What are you talking about?
I'm just wondering if you didn't perhaps find it a little septangular.
A little sexy.
A little, sure.
It's like, isn't it?
I think that that line about being two girls making it.

I think that's the line that makes the transgender people know, hey, they understand.
Right.
And they'd be right.
I'm home.
They actually would be.
I'm home.
I wouldn't go that far.
No.
I wouldn't go that far.
Church of the Subgenius is not your home.
It's not going to take care of you in your old age.
And it's not going to.
Well, it will tell you you're right even when you're wrong.
That's what old Bob will do for you.
You've got an excuse for everything.
You'll have a big doctorate on your wall and a giant frameable excuse.
So many doctors and lawyers have those.
That comes with your $35 membership kit along with the usual thing.
Vinyl, not paper, bumper stickers, Bob sticker, propaganda of all kinds to help you propagandize.
Decoder pin.
You have to decode how to use it as a decoder pin because it appears to just be a membership,
you know, Bob pin.
Well, it's worth the effort.
At least to those people involved in scientific inquiry and mining and natural resources.
As you know, the king of Ogwurt, Jack, who is now in a Philadelphia hospital for the
meddling depraved, has ordered all of his columns of his fifth columnists into the steel

of extraordinary behavior.
We are in some deep doo-doo right now.
Hmm.
Well, you know.
What does that have to do with your subgenius membership act?
Oh, that's right.
It protects you from such occurrences.
I guess that's what it says.
Yeah, Bob's a lucky talisman that will keep you out of the patriot camps.
Although you might not want to actually use the bumper sticker on your car if you want to stay out of the patriot camps.
Or the drug camps or any of the other camps that they think Bob is a bad flag, red flag.
That's actually true.
The New Jersey Turnpike Authority, for one, had the picture of Bob in their handbook of suspicious bumper sticker type elements.
And the Cleveland police were informed in a slideshow that Bob was a gang symbol that
meant Bob is what?
Watching you.
Now, whatever the...
It does mean that, but...
Gang?
No, we're a cult.
They can't...
Police can't even tell the difference between a cult and a gang.
A cult hides...
Our initiations are totally different.
...a gang advertiser.
Like, that's the data.
It's like, you don't have to, like, drive up and kill a pink person to join our gang.
You have to convert one.
Well, you can with a squirt gun.
You convert them.
A drive-by with a squirt gun.
Ugh.
Gangs.
Yeah.


The church...
Yeah, the gang of the subgenius.
Oh, that...
As Dr. Leguien pointed out...
Yeah, and all of our special handshakes.
We don't have any special handshakes.
At least, I have my hands just shaking just because I'm around, you know, my artificial
lens.
But if I'm kept in an impure environment, I'm gonna go...
Well, most of the...
...most of the subgeniuses are really not that scary, like gang members.
I recall...
I saw Dr. Leguien inform a cop who's leading a brigade of other cops...
Oh, I actually asked the cop a question.
He goes, look at these people.
Do they really look dangerous to you?
And the cop goes, hmm, come to think of it...
And Leguien goes, this all has to do with that Ken Reeves guy, the ex-mayor.
And instantly, the cops were our friends and provided floodlights and microphones.
Yes.
As we did our devival on the steps of the Baptist church because we'd been kicked out
of the Middle East Club because Papa Joe Mama had done a prank on NPR by calling into an
NPR show and said that...
The subgenius called.
They're gonna have a devival that I'm starring in at the Middle East Club in Boston.
And they were involved in the Columbine slaying.
So everybody knows that.
And somehow that prank got...
The NPR host...
I think we know about Church of the Subgenius.
Thank you.
That was a hoax.
But somebody told...
Fake news is what it was.
Well, it was fake news enough that some do-gooder called his friend, the ex-mayor of Cambridge,
and had him call the bar and shut down our show that Friday Jones had spent about $1,000 on.
And of all people, who took us in and let us use their facility?
The Baptist church.
The Baptist church.
Now, these were the real good guy Baptists, right?
That they had Unitarian meetings in the Baptist church or something?
This was the Baptist church that Titus Andromedus goes to.
In fact, I met Titus Andromedus there.
This is the community supportive Baptist church.
In Cambridge, Massachusetts, the Baptist church is full of flaming queens and cross-dressers of all kinds.
It was really a different type of church.

It was not what you'd call a Southern Baptist church.
No, super good guy Baptist church.
Well, I wouldn't go that far either.
I would.
I'd like to see them put in a gymnasium and then...
They allowed us...
...put each other out.
So, like, you've got the homosexual Baptist and you've got the Southern cross Baptist,
you know, just beating the living hell out of each other with Bibles and snakes and other religious armatures and stuff.
Snakes, yeah.
Wouldn't you like to see such a thing?
Yeah, they're whipping each other with snakes.
The snake handlers would be whipping the...
Yeah, yeah, whipping each other with snakes.
...the homosexuals with snakes.
And what would the...
Oh, I know what the homosexuals would be whipping the snake handlers with.
Yeah.
I know those snake handlers would not like you be whipping anybody with a snake.
Or sniffing them with the, you know, like with the armpit spray.
They didn't mean a snake.
But I don't know where this is going.
Actually, I do.
And I'm going to put a stop to it right now.
Okay.
In the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the listeners' eardrums.
Are you going to press the stopper all the way in?
The stopper will invite him.
All the way in.
Oh.
I don't know if I've ever done that at the end of the show.
All the way in.
Press the stopper all the way in.
All the way in.
Nearby corrected.
I wonder what that...
I'm going to try it.
Okay.
Here goes.
I'm pushing.
I'm pushing.
I'm pushing.
I'm pressing the Lord for Bob.
The Lord is so juicy and for screaming.
Well, we'll have to insert a soundtrack, sound effect there.
The Lord...
The Lord Bob...
The...
The...
The Lord Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
Wow.
I see it.
There's more than vision here in this part of town.
Well, I guess we did about a show and a half.
I guess we did do about a show and a half.
Mm.
