Oh, God. What is that?
And if you're looking for a copy of Fair Use, I'm selling it.
But I can't tell you the price, and I can't tell you what's interesting.
That's a snippy.
All right, here's Doug.
That's a little snippy, that little small background.
Now let's get back to the real show.
Yeah, this is actually, now we're at the puzzling edge of the over-the-network how.
I'm Jane of Hyperclates, here with a special edition of the
Subgenius Hour of Slack slash Jane of Hyperclates show.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of
the Subgenius.
So now what are we?
We are the over-the-puzzling edge.
We're puzzling over the, no, it's in there.
This is about Electra, a performance art piece by Sabrina.
It's puzzling over the evidence edge.
Superior mutants, repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Had about enough of have a nice day.
Tired of all the touchy-feely cosmic sweetness and light crap?
Every time you go to work,
do you feel that a horrible joke is being played upon you?
Hate everyone else?
Are you driven in short to the very brink of sanity
by the false reality of a crumbling society?
Are you abnormal?
Then you're probably better than most people.
Tune in to the Subgenius Hour of Slack
Friday morning between midnight and 3 a.m.
on KBF 88.3.
Hosted by Jane of Hyperclates.
This show right here is Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
And I'm your polymorphously indeterminate Master of Ceremonies
and Pastor for this Sunday morning of religious observances
and related Bobfoolery,
Reverend Dr. Nolan Void.
This is a religious show after all.
And in fact, I have even had a very much sort of a religious experience myself just recently,
which I will share with you at incredible length and greater detail
than you can probably stand.
But that's the nature of this religion, my friends.
You get to...
ranting and venting about all those cool things that Bob does to you.
And, well, time just gets to fly.
ESO radio is now on the air.
Broadcasting live on the air from high atop the Fender Road's Tower of Power,
overlooking the eerie banks of the Cuyahoga.
My name is Chaz, and I'll be your pilot on this flight as we fly for you, Swamp.
Radio.
Featuring Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Brain Rock Radio Theater.
Special appearances by the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ultra-twisted talk radio from the late-night dregs and archives.
And the professional orchestra and residents down in the ESO Swamp.
Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Everything you hear is recorded live on the air at WSB.
So sit down and spell, take your clothes off, and spend a night in the Swamp.
Yes, dear friend.
Slush.
What?
Funny thing about slush is that it never goes away.
Well, dear friends, we have a show of shows.
Yes, there are so many shows that are related to the subgenius.
One true show.
Of course, all those fine people are...
Well, they're just fine people, but you know, there's only one.
Ah, hour of slack, my friends.
Only one, and it's probably a damn good thing.
Of course, this one is often composed of the work of so many.
So many good and bad, truly bad, bad subgeniuses.
And, well, let's start things off with a...
Not so much a...
Not so much a sermon here.
This is a...
But it's a food for thought, certainly.
This is from a cheesy sci-fi paperback book by Paul Anderson called Brainwave.
And it's about what happens when the planet goes out...
Earth comes out from under some cloud that it turns out we've been all along.
And the intelligence of all creatures on the planet triples and quadruples.
And so forth.
And suddenly, all the humans are geniuses.
And all the dogs and cats can read books.
And it causes terrible, terrible...
You can well imagine, I mean, if you think about it,
if suddenly all the pinks and normals became as unto...
Even a subgenius, not even a genius.
It would spell the end of civilization as we know it, certainly.
You know, who would put up with all the stupid crap?
But anyway, these two scientists...
Who have now become geniuses are talking about it.
And the man says,
I don't really understand it.
Human relationships were never my long suit.
And even now, I can't quite...
Well, why should this sudden upsurge in intelligence throw so many back to the animal stage?
Why can't they see?
And Helga draws hard on her cigarette and says they don't want to see.
Quite apart from those who've gone insane.
And they're an...
Important factor.
There remains the necessity of not only having something to think with,
but something to think about.
You've taken millions, hundreds of millions of people
who've never had an original thought in their lives
and suddenly thrown their brains into high gear.
They start thinking, but what basis have they got?
They still retain the old superstitions, prejudices, hates and fears and greeds.
And most of their new mental energy goes to elaborate rationalization.
They have to be able to understand the meaning of the old superstitions.



Then someone like this third Bob comes along
and offers an anodyne to frighten and confuse people.
And he tells them it's alright to throw off the terrible burden of thought
and forget themselves in an emotional orgy.
It won't last, Pete, but the transition is tough.
And Pete says,
Huh, yeah, I had to get an IQ of 500 or so, whatever that means,
to appreciate how...
mental brains count for after all.
Nice thought.
Nice thought indeed, friends.
And thus this is called the Church of the Subgenius,
for who wants to bear the burden of total awareness?
Who, I ask you, wishes to carry that great load
of knowing just what the hell is really,
going on for Bob does.
But Bob's luckier than us, friends.
Bob ain't got a brain in his head.
He knows what's going on.
But he don't care.
He don't care.
Oh, yes, you know.
But friends, friends,
the pieces are coming together for a one-world government.
Praise Bob.
We now know the dread story
behind the...
And the rise of Bill Soft-On-Kitty-Porn Clinton's
clique to the American throne.
It was through the diabolical backroom machinations
of Bob Dobbs,
author of Suicide,
sculptor of Doubt,
twister of Chaos.
Thou art but an insignificant insect.
Let me speak to the manager.
Said Bob Dobbs.
I do not know, friends,
when the KGB microchip implant
is set to detonate
but I must assume
that my time is short.
That the Lord has reserved
a special seat by his side
in his celestial office.
Upon successful resolution of my mission,
I shall be called home to glory.
Bob Dobbs has financial and political connections
with Saddam Hussein, with Gaddafi,
with North Korea, and the PLO, and the Vatican.
He gleefully vomits forth
mockery and blasphemy
against all of us.
He is a man of the American gods.
Reagan has Alzheimer's?
How can they tell?
He quips.
Bob wields the power to cloud men's minds,
to seize the eyeballs and flip them inside out.
Mutilation.
Informs that man is meat.
He appears in an occult puff of smoke
at TV script writers' meetings, saying,
Oh, here's some good cuss words for you to use.
Oh, yes, ma'am.
Master Bob, they intone,
like all non-Christian media minions,
they have fallen to his total zombie brain plot.
Cuss words for the destruction
of our precious schoolchildren
and the corruption of our national moral fiber.
And before Bob leaves,
he distributes boxes of condoms.
Here, pass these out in schoolyards
to our nation's kindergartners.
I can sense it, my friends.
I can feel his evil eye moving now
through the ether.
He listens to me through the radio, searching.
He knows of my total obedience,
that I have vowed to die gloriously
and drag as many heathen to their dark master
as the Lord shall permit me.
He is probing obscenely.
He is tormenting me now.
He is tormenting me now.
Oh!
Save me.
Listener, save me.
I...
I've discovered blood stains on my bathroom ceiling.
I'm concerned.
I'm concerned lest he kidnap my children.
I'm given this sudden fits of shouting
in prayerful, tearful, aching,
abject submissiveness.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Thank you.
Not that I can ensure their survival.
He has ça.

Now, now.

dead is all,
We still don't want to believe them.
They're still a threat.
We still want to plan for either a bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Women run their own power, whether it's sexual or whether it's material.
We still don't want to believe them.
They're still a threat.
We still want to plan for either a bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
We still want to plan for either a bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.

Thank you.
Thank you.
We still want a man who's no bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Whether he's a murderer or a murderer,
whether it's sexual or whether it's material,
we still don't want a man who's no bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
We still want a man who's no bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
We still want a man who's no bitch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
She's a witch.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
Witch, a bitch, or a psycho.
A witch, a bitch, or a psycho, dear friends, that's the only kind of chicks I like to hang out with.
Pardon my language.
That was Women of Sodom, dear friends, from their CD called Boots.
And, boy, they look like a bad bunch of girls.
Real, real bad girls.
Let me see if I can find some sort of an address or phone number for information on them.
Yeah, here's a phone number for Women of Sodom.
Pussy Kitty Records.
Area code 617-437-1292.
Women of Sodom, 617-437-1292.
And they are in Boston.
Yes, Boston.
The seat of some pretty sick stuff.
And we love that pretty, pretty, pretty and sick, sick, sick stuff.
Here's some more from an obscure band called Head and Leg Productions.
Actually, they're also from Boston, it looks like.
From a CD that's distributed by Sealand, which most of us know as actually Negative Land.
This is one of the bands that...
Negative Land likes.
And I think you'll, you'll too like this song called Fat Lady.
Hey, Fat Lady, how about a tune?
The time has come.
Everywhere is doom.
Hey, Fat Lady, sing us a song.
Nothing can be done.
Everything is wrong.
Hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, sing!
Hey, Fat Lady, I can't wait.
Don't be long, don't be late.
When you sing, everything will cease.
No more news, no more peace.
Hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, hey, Fat Lady, sing!
Hey, Fat Lady!
SING!!!!
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
before me. If therefore thou shalt not prostrate thyself, and kiss my end of all things, and
perform the salute, and make witness for my prophets, which are less than wise yet wiser
than thee, I shall come upon thee prematurely, and thou shalt receive an divine immaculation,
which is like unto heaven and unto hell. And I will draw thee from the skies with a
scream of thunder, and will shout, and thou shalt never dine eyes from the glory of my
light as it passeth above me. For I will come on thee as a leaf, and thou shalt not
know what hour I shall come upon thee, except that thou didst my prophets who are poor,
and I will draw thee from the skies with a scream of thunder, and thou shalt never

dine eyes from the glory of my light as it passeth above me. For I will draw thee from
the skies with a scream of thunder, and thou shalt never dine eyes from the glory of my
light as it passeth above me. For I will draw thee from the skies with a scream of thunder,
and deploy one another in the flash of my wrath.
And I will cast you to the fire where God's greatest
saints and saints of the past have died.
Saints and saints of the past have died.
Saints and saints of the past have died.
Saints and saints of the past have died.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
The mystery of God's words.
Well, in this case, the words of Jehovah One,
the alien space god from the pre-scriptures
spoken by our vast computer here.
Mule Skinner, we call it.
And that music in the background is Temple Beat,
which is a CD we got from...
I guess an Italian band, Submission Records.
And, well, it's an Italian address,
and I don't see a whole lot of point in giving it to you.
But, yes, Temple Beat is...
And we'll be digging more into Temple Beat.
They're kind of like a throbbing gristle, sort of, or something.

The god exists in his estate.
More ivory afoot.
A giant foot.
A giant foot.
Yes, I've heard that before, that God is a giant foot.
In fact, an athlete's foot.
The foot of a powerful, muscular being.
And this foot, this great foot of Jehovah One,
is said to have an Achilles heel.
A little patch wherein he may be wounded.
You will kindly have the goodness to admit that you are...
There was an editorial...
An editorial in today's San Francisco Chronicle
complaining about the death of God.
Guests Jehovah One, whose huge bloated body floats in space,
kept from decay by the eternal processes of cold and stasis.
...
...
...
...




...
So sad.
So fresh.
The days that are no more.
You know, they call this the puzzling evidence show and...
One might wonder, why doesn't one ever hear puzzling evidence in this show?
I mean, if it's his show and so forth...
Why?
Why not?
I wonder, I wonder.
Yes.
And so, let's consider.
Since...
I seem to be the only one here.
The world of millions and millions of years ago.
The warm swamps of the secondary era.
I always return there.
Last night I had a dilly of a dream of being hunted by dinosaurs.
You might think that happens to me all the time.
Well, it's actually very rare.
Well, the earth cooled, the sea covered it.
It was a hundred million years ago that life came to the great sea.
And the fishes bred within it.
They were the oldest people, the fish.
Their children climbed out of it and stood upon the bosky shores.
And they were the amphibia.
The hoppy toads and frogs.
Our friends, the newts.
The third people who sprang from them were the reptiles.
Think of those old faces of the world upon which the reptiles moved in the slime.
And of the millions of years.
Why, the birds which you see every day are their descendants.
They were their parents.
But can persist to live along with them.
Yes, when they were born there were no birds or people.
No birds or men.
No monkeys or reindeer or elephants or any such animals.
Only the amphibia and the reptiles and the fishes and the Mesozoic world.
That's history.
Is there going to be like a test on this?
Yes, but it'll be open book.
There is something strange about the will of the sea.
It is bound up with the history of my family.
Now, did you ever hear the story of Homo sapiens armatus Georgios Sanctus?
His name was Will.
Well, that's the scientific name.
Now, pay attention.
Once very long ago, there were two families called Atlantosaurus imanus and Ceratosaurus nasicornis.
Atlantosaurus was 115 feet long.
He had not many brains.
Although I did hear that once he had something like an extra brain at the other end of him to take care of his tail.
And he lived by browsing on the trees.
He was timid, ruminant and harmless.
Except to the tree frogs which he accidentally munched up among the boughs.
He lived very long and thought all the time.
So that although he did not think very well, he had generally thought a good deal by the end of his long life.
So far as I can remember.
Yes, it took a long time to grow one of those babies.
He had solved the problem of being a giant without breaking on account of his own weighty height of 20 feet by having his bones hollow.
The birds do that too, you know, for other reasons.
However, perhaps I am muddling him up with another of the dinosauria.
Ceratosaurus nasicornis was quite small.
He was only 17 feet long.
But he had teeth.
Great crushing and tearing teeth.
Which fitted into each other so badly that he leaped always with his slaughterous mouth.
Half open in a grin of terror.
He leaped like a kangaroo.
A death-dealing kangaroo.
And he generally leaped upon poor old Atlantosaurus imanus.
Yes, indeed.
He had a horn upon his nose like a rhinoceros.
With which he could rip an opening in that big and trundling old body.
And his clashing teeth could meet in the flesh as in ripe fruit.
And tear it out in mouthfuls by the action of his muscular neck.
We'll be right back.
We're back.
What, my friend, could be more terrible?
What is more terrible, he leaped in packs, if you can imagine that.
If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again.
Oh, no, I'm fine where I am.
You're operated.
Ceratosaurus nasicornis was at war with Atlantosaurus imanus.
In that strange war which the spirit of the waters will.
The war of competition and evolution.
Which makes the trees fight upward for the sun on the Amazon.
And in the course of which for the boon of life.
Many of reptilian cousins have been content to sacrifice the benefits of limbs and teeth and eyesight.
Ceratosaurus was savage and aggressive.
Atlantosaurus timid and old.
Their combat lasted for as many centuries as will be needed by homo sapiens also in which to destroy himself.
At the end of that time, it was the defender who triumphed.
The ferocious kangaroo had dealt death on every side.
Had decimated his adversaries and fed upon their carcasses.
But carcasses cannot continue their species.
And in the end, the kangaroos had consumed the very flesh on which they lived.
Too remorseless for the spirit of the waters.
Too bloodthirsty for the hierarchy of progressive victims.
The last Ceratosaurus roamed the thick-leaved jungles.
In a vain search for the food which could satisfy his grinning, gnashing jaws.
Then died.
And slept with his fathers.
Yeah.
The last Atlantosaurus thrust her forty-foot neck out of the jungle in which she had been hiding.
And surveyed the emaciated corpse of her starved persecutor.
She had preserved her life, as the sensible wood pigeon does, by specializing in escape.
She had learned to flee, to hide, to stand still, to control her scent, to conceal herself in waters.
By humility and courage.
She had survived her enemy who had slain her own husband.
And now she carried the children of the latter inside her.
The last of the victorious race.
They would be born in a few years.
Those things had a long gestation period.
Meanwhile, Homo sapiens had come.
He also had suffered from the terror of the kangaroo.
In order to protect himself from its rapine and ravishment, he had developed a subclass called H. sapiens armatus.
A class which was concealed in metal scales and carried a lance.
By means of which it defended itself against the dinosauria.
This subclass of so-called knights had perfected an order called H. sapiens armatus georgios sanctus.
Which was sufficiently unobservant to classify all the dinosaurs together as its enemies.
Atlantosaurus thrust out her neck and fought with triumph of her unborn children.
She had never killed in her life.
And these, the future, would perpetuate a vegetarian race.
She heard the clank of Homo sapiens armatus georgios sanctus.
And turned the comely reptile head towards him in her kindly curiosity.
Alright, we have four.
He killed her of course.
She was a reptile of the reptilian race.
This one is Blue and this is Homo head and his son upstream.
Lee newspapers are talking about their quest for kan impairments.
Even though Homo hentai has another name, he remained anonymous of this cult.
A� Sh 일본 du N dips worth.
The transformation of Bastos Sonata was carried out by Basco d'Arus and by his father Martin factor akin Bảo.
Now the classic film was filmed in 20th century Europe on 1 November.
because puzzling evidence is always there and playing the tapes.
The tapes, yes, and the dinosaurs, oh, what?
Well, you know, I'm sorry if you're not interested in biological speculation,
but to me, you know, like Einstein,
my religion is not so much the pursuit of the unknowable,
because there are some things man was not meant to know,
but rather the pursuit of the knowable.
There is so much left to know, and, my friend, there is also,
let us never forget, so much left to destroy.
Ah, yes, so much to destroy, so little time for our church,
for this human race, which, like the Atlantosaurus,
shall eventually sink beneath the waves,
crushed by its own weight, hollowed,
bones or not.
And how are we to destroy the world
when we must spend all of our time seemingly trying to repair
our broken equipment and our mangled software
and our mysterious ailments?
The stubborn beast flesh keeps creeping back,
inevitably, inevitably.
They go back to the...

The beast.
All of them, all of us?
Yes, I can even feel the relentless tug upon my own soul.
The tug backwards, back to the mud,
to the wallowing in the filth and the...
Well, actually, that doesn't sound like a bad idea.
Um...
Heck, let's go to the swamp, dear friends.
Now that the stage has been duly set by the
good Doctor Howlowe, now that his hand that makes
has prepared our brains of pain,
we shall go back, back into the swamp.
Slush.
Funny thing about slush is that it never goes away.
It seeps right down into your moccasins or cowboy boots
until they're stained a dirty gray.
Playroom was slushy that January night.
As usual.
Sleety and slushy.
The sleet had poured in off Lakey Ridiculous that night
like some monstrous anti-Santa Ana wind,
and the slurdy slurry was everywhere.
It's the kind of night when cars stalled
and RTA buses drove right by you.
The kind of night most guys spend at home
with the warmth of some old scotch and a young chick.
Or a fuzzy sock.
That is, unless they were looking for a private dick.
Hello, you're on the air with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Oh, I'm the counter-dog.
I'm gonna eat that screwing milk.
I'm gonna eat that screwing milk.
I'm gonna eat that screwing milk.
You are underbred trash.
I'm telling you right now.
And you need a stimulant.
And I just shot right into your buttocks.
Time to be letting her in a small room.
You know what they said about the Barnstormers?
They said when the Barnstormers came to the town,
they come to the saloon and sit down.
They'd open up their hands and begin to pray
because the Lord had saved them.
For one look.
The Barnstormers said...
Barnstormers.
Don.
God.
Don.
God.
Don God.
Don God.
Did it.
Get it.
Get it.





Been there.
Done god did it.
Been there.
Been done god.
That did god thing.
Done god didit.
Done god didit cette.
C'est Eyes.
Hey.
As now, as before, they glide in their silver panties across the universe.
The children of the giant brain.
Oh, don't get nearby when there is sexual, sex, sex, sexual juice.
They're the people of the giant brain and they've got their own plans.
Hey, check that big brain, baby.
Got mine expanded last week.
Oh, man, I got a spandex hat for that kind of thing.
It goes on and on and on.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You get iodine.
One, three, one.
131
131
cesium
159
it's got my thyroid
on the run
on the run
on the run
it goes like this
I died
131
has got my thyroid
on the run
and the cesium
185
is making it real
real hard
just to stay alive
well I said Chernobyl
was so long ago
nothing to worry about
and now I hear in the news
these dumb guys
in the Department of Energy
and the Defense Department
are going to start
building
a bunch of Chernobyl's
across the United States
and then I hear in the news
that Chernobyl
is not really over
no
all these people
are dying
it's all the pollution
is getting into the water
it's getting into
the aquifers
and everything
below the surface
is all one thing
so if I can see
the distance
between Kiev
and Kiev
I know that
we're getting in tune
you like hearing
you know
and then I started thinking
how come my mood
is getting so
dirty


it's the iodine
or 131
has gotten my thyroid
on the run
and the krypton
or 85
is making it hard
just to stay alive
but the iodine
or 131
the iodine
or 121
you know no run
through the metal veins
you know more
of everything
than words
power powers
and the power
is in your hands
Shake the bony head and shake it through
Barbarian, a 248
This baby's sterile, I can't procreate
Amphetonium, a 207
So long folks, I'll see you in heaven
But the iodine, a 131
The iodine, a 131
No more running through the metal lanes
No harm ever in the mud
Shake the bony hand of the poison man
Shake the bony head and shake it through
So there's over 2 million known pollutants
That can cause cancer, pancreatitis
Fadulis, gingivitis
Bad breath
Acid
And the iodine, a 131
Has got my thyroid on the run
And the krypton, a 85
He's making it hard just to stay alive
But the iodine, a 131
The iodine, a 131
No more running through the metal lanes
No harm ever in the mud
Shake the bony head and shake it through


Shake the bony head and shake it through
No more running through the metal lanes
No harm ever in the mud
Shake the bony head and shake it through
Shake the bony hand and shake it through
Shake it, shake it
Shake it
If I'm in the hurt
If it's in my head
I'm pumpkin to your hurt
If I'm fine, or if it's me to hurt
Yes, yes, yes.
I just heard that for the first time just now myself, friends.
That was a classic piece of ESO radio.
Einstein Secret Orchestra there.
The good Chaz Smith and the bad, bad, bad, lonesome cowboy Dave.
And here's an address.
This is a new address.
Einstein Secret Radio, ESO Radio Orchestra still offers tapes, but they've moved.
They used to have a P.O. box.
And I want to give you a new address for ESO radio.
Got that pencil ready.
3226.
That's 3226 West 99th Street.
West 99th.
99th Street.
Cleveland, Ohio.
44102.
That's 3226 West 99th Street, Cleveland, Ohio.
44102.
Don't you hate it when people leave a phone number on your answering machine?
They go, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And I wanted to have you.
I've got a very, very serious.
Serious problem.
And it's very important that we talk immediately.
My number is...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, friends.
I've got to admit something to you right now off the top of my head.
I'm having trouble remembering what I've done or said on this show.
What tapes I've played.
There's been...
This is number 543.
We don't do it on a weekly basis anymore.
We do it catch as catch can.
And it's hard.
My hard drive is fragmented.
There's not much...
Well, there's really no ROM at all left.
And the RAM is taken up by useless programs.
And half the files have corrupted creation dates and modification dates.
It's a serious problem, you know, for some of us.
I mean, I'm not asking for...
Pity or mercy or anything.
But...
But...
But...
But...
But...
But...
But...
But...
No.
Everything's but this and but that.
Now, you secular elitists make me vomit with your butt butts.
Now, back where I come from, a butt butt was known as back talk, buddy.
In the heartland of God's country, butt butts are known as disobedience.
Pull this.
Volume down.
It gets me kind of ticked off.
Don't you see?
A preacher can get to where he's had enough.
Where's my background music?
Damn it.
I don't know.
Man, when I was a kid, if I was dumb enough to give Papa any back talk,
he'd up and whoop me upside the head with that whiskey bottle of his.
But he did it out of love, friends.
Because he wanted me brought up right.

Pure.
In the sight of Bob Dobbs.
But Bob cannot endure back talk, for he is a jealous God.
And the penalty for disobedience is death.
Uh, Prescriptures 118.
Yes, Pappy wanted sanity and life for me,
so I endured the lessons of his whiskey bottle of infinite mercy.
And later, when Bob spoke to me and commanded me to spread throughout the world
this message of mercy and wisdom that the heathen might too know the mind of Bob.
The Bob?
The, the, the, that he yearns to kill them.
That Bob's eyes are inflamed.
His blood is a surge.
Red in tooth and claw.
A mighty seizure in his brain.
His wonderful, empty, empty brain.
And yet, and yet, Bob stayeth his hand in mercy.
It is all too much.
It giveth him migraines and ulcers and lung achage.
And his suffering.
His suffering enrages me.
And I should kill you now.
I should kill you now.
To obliterate your smart mouth back talk and your doubt.
And convince you of Bob's total mercy and ultimate purpos.
I shall quote from a young subgenius who just learned that her mother had almost had her aborted.
Just as Bob was almost aborted, uh, by his, by Jane Dobbs, bless her.

Sweet name.
Took a tornado to yank him out.
At the age of three days gestation.
He was just a cluster of cells.
But he lived anyway, friends.
Yes, Bob was an abortion mutilation victim.
And yet he lived on.
Now if that abortion had been successful, would we have slack now?
Nay.
And that's why we are against abortion in this church.
We're against abortion of subgenius.
Fee-tie.
Uh, normal.
Hell, uh, you know, as far as we're concerned, you can abort a damn pink boy up to the age of fifty-five.
Sixty-five.
Something like that.
I forget exactly what it says in pre-scriptures.
But you know, friends, this young subgenius, uh, had almost been aborted like Bob.
And, uh, and you know, friends, I advise you to have tissues nearby.
Because when I, I mean, use some Kleenexes to rub your eyes.
Because this spiritual witness is going to wring tears from even the hardest, nihilist, elitist heart.
And you're going to rush right out and enlist in the glorious street war of the church of the subgenius to rescue those helpless, innocent, tiny babies.
The unborn subgeniuses.
And you shall embrace these poor, precious, tender babes.
And tear them from the liberal butchers.
So you, radio listener, you listening by radio now, grip the hand of your neighbor for strength.
If you don't have, if you're sitting alone listening to this.
If you're housebound.
If you're alone, then grip yourself.
And you know what I mean when I say that.
Grip yourself where you'll feel the strength.
As you hear this wrenching testimony.
Uh.
This subgenius young girl came to me and said, Reverend Stang, if I had been aborted.
I wouldn't even like be here, you know.
I wouldn't be talking right now.
I couldn't even like hear you.
And you couldn't hear me.
Because I wouldn't even be here.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here.
Ex-Len.
I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't be here.


Oh, friends.
But you can be here.
You can be here now.
Or you can be there later.
You can be with Bob.
He don't care.
As long as he's got your hate.
Your hate offering.
And friends, you can find out just what the minimum hate offering is if you just write
for free information, friends.
Just, that's all we're asking you to do.
Write for free information.
And I'm going to give you that number to write to, Reverend Stang.


that number of Bob Dobbs, that man that loves you so,
that man that hates you and loves you.
You can't imagine the range of emotion that Bob feels
because he has no range of thought, none at all.
It's pure emotion. It's pure love and pure hate.
And you can write to Bob, friends.
Write for that free information booklet from Bob.
Just write Bob on that envelope at postofficebox.
And you can save trouble. Just write P.O. Box.
Box 140306.
That's right, friends.
Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
That's right, Dallas, Texas.
You can tell by the way I'm talking.
I'm talking God's language, friends.
It's God's city, Dallas, Texas.
At 75214.
Oh, God, it feels so good to say that zip code.
7521.
My God, my Dobbs, my needy.
For, you know, I ain't gonna lie to you.
For every Bob particle that's flung your way
by that multi-billion dollar particle accelerator weapon up in the sky
that the conspiracy brain-wrought Frankenstein slavery control eyeball is sending at you.
For every Bob particle, there's gonna be a particle of the other.
Yeah.
But, you know, that's where half the fun comes in, if you know what I mean.
Like they say, you know, you can't really go to heaven
unless you first puke into the porcelain-rimmed bowl of hell.
And lest I go to hell, I will reveal that
actually quite a bit of the ranting that I was doing tonight
was mutilated off the top of my head off of a piece of paper
I was writing.
That was sent out by the Anti-Sex League
or Mini-True 2.
And I really don't even know who they are,
but we do get some interesting rants in the mail from folks,
and that was one of them.
Lord, Lord, Lord love a duck
and Lord love Bob Dobbs
and Lord love you
and Lord love me, my friend.
It's Lord, especially Lord.
I want you to love me.
I want you to love me.
Because I'm a selfish bastard, that's why.
Because I'm a subgenius.
Yes, I'm a subgenius, and a subgenius is a selfish bastard.
Because you've got to have slack first, my friend,
before you can get slack for somebody else.
Once you've got slack, well then, it's self-reproducing.
You know, it just, it will continue to, to, to, to fester in you
like a, like the pus from a store.
Your slack.
Runneth over.
Once you get you some.
You know, once you get you some of it,
then, hey, what can I say?
You got it.
I found it.
Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That settles it.
Praise Bob.
And, uh, were we in a fancy radio studio?
I could probably do a much better transition than that,
but let's hear briefly what, uh,
oracular message we may glean
from, uh, the legal documents guy.
Thank you.
I'll explain.
On takes.
I have more legal notices in the newspaper
about my rights for mid-spirits and oxygen.
So I'm all the way back to the 60s
with a metal case cop from the 60s to the 80s
and some pigeon police
and new miserable experience
and twisted sister, uh, twisted sister,
no message, miserable silver.
And it goes with, uh, zero and a slack.
And I'm registered zero.
I'm allowed outside the estimate of the average person.
And my silver, I'm entitled to a picture of Earth or more
with my silver or my seven, scientific seven or silver.
Then, then I've got a story in the paper.
Keep this metal case's hands out of my face.
I'm missing my girlfriend and or my brother's right for rest
at a tight percentage of two.
My girlfriends knocked me out.
My girlfriend knocked.
Me out or my nurses go ahead and search me to go.
I've got my, I'm the guy with the legal notice in the paper.
And so I've got the arrest warrant for the metal case
with my desk for the radio station
and the metal case I was scheduled for extravaganza
and fruitopia from the miserable experience
and a punk from the band, the miserable experience.
Now I've got a story about keep this guy's hand out of my face.
I got a guy.
I was entitled to beta increasements in my oxygen
or my silver.
After I got used to my limit in the sixties.
And I have a group of one for my girlfriend,
one for my nurse, one for my brother,
a beta increasement, zero percentage.
And there's a story.
I got a broken jaw underneath from a restaurant manager,
a couple of cops that used a doctor's emergency,
knock a guy out and hit him in the chin the same time.
And I have a picture of hit me in the chin over and over again,
hit me with a zero percentage beta increasement.
Um, then I have a couple, I was on a journeyman's.
Walk.
These guys are dangerous and allowed to knock these guys out.
When I come into a place,
right?
The sir, the man with the legal notice in the newspaper,
I've got a couple more.
So I've got move away from the coffee pot.
So under the price of silver continuously,
I have the metal case cap.
We call him Saturday night live.
Um, and he keeps getting caught at the,
but he's entitled.
He's so old.
He's entitled to the price of silver.
I know how old he is,
but serve at new miserable experiences and move away Saturday.
And I'm long.
Line of cops.
It won't stop all the way to the judge's nephew of Euclid.
Then I got a story.
I got problems with my with cops in Euclid.
I'm entitled to my city overlap,
city common city overlap addresses.
And I got cops all the way to shard and with my city
overlaps,
uh, my addresses,
uh, in the newspaper,
I got trouble with the cops over here in Euclid.
They won't back off.
I got Polenski award 11.
I'm moving in Europe,
full time,
Hamburg,
national re Maxwell house.
Price of silver idiot.
Uh, uh,
random house prices.
So sunbathing in the backyard don't mean that we're chicks and it doesn't matter even if they are weird chicks.
And I said,
but they're burnouts.
And she said,
it doesn't matter if they're burnouts.
Here's an imitation of me picking somebody up off the ground against her wishes.
Oh,
someone in
and no,
the little in the someone in.
Actually,
that's a tribute to be picking somebody up off the ground.
Someone in
and not the little in the someone in and not delete the needs someone in and not delete the needs someone in.
I'm singing someone in the Delaney's.
There was this girl.
Whose last name was Delaney that,
um,
I grew up with her brother from first grade to about sixth grade.
And,
uh,
I always had this thing where I wanted to just pick his youngest sister up off the ground against her wishes just to make her miserable.
Yes,
it is Joe,
the voice of Joe and before Joe,
the legal notice guy,
or legal documents guy,
depending on how you put that friends and you can call toll free to order to order free information.
1-888-669-2323.
888-669-2323.
The quiet before the storm or after the storm quiet in between.
The quiet before the storm or after the storm quiet in between.
The storms,
even that quiet must eventually go silent.
