Fuck. Wish it was. Thanks, Robert. This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Robert, on the way over here, I was scanning the radio dials, and I must say that,
as far as I'm concerned, you had the best hour in Dallas. Thank you very much.
For the next hour, sit quietly, and we will control all that you see and hear.
This is J.D. Uyerevan.
We got puppet boys!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs
which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Sight!
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
The practice of hallucinatory drugs was big back in then,
and they were hearing these messages that the Beatles were placing backwards.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Hour of Slack, number 51.
The long-awaited Subgenius Anti-Drug Special.
Part 1.
Take 1.
This one's for Dr. X.
May he rest in peace.
Now, you're saying...
Now, Reverend Stang, what is this?
The Subgenius Anti-Drug Special?
What is it?
The Church of the Subgenius joining with the conspiracy?
What is it?
What is it?














The big fad of anti-drug mega-hype and holier-than-thou witch-burning?
And I answer, nay, nay.
This is the anti-mega-hype we're hyping.
Not that we've ever condoned drug addiction.
Of course not, friends.
This is a church.
The only drug you need is Bob, my friend.
Bob will get you high and keep you there.
No, we're just anti-drug.





Anti-certain drugs, just like the conspiracy is.
They only hate the drugs that they're not on.
Death to pushers.
That's what Ronald and Nancy, if that really is her name, Reagan, say.
The death to pushers.
Oh, yeah.
And yet, dear friends, they continue to use the United States government
to support the tobacco industry.
And the alcohol.
The alcohol industry.
Oh, oh, but we're only against drugs, they say.
There's nothing wrong with being able to have a little drinky-winky now and then, is there?
And one cigarette never killed anybody.
Unless it's lit right next to a leaky tank full of church air.
That's what Ronald Reagan says.
Oh, death to marijuana pushers.
But subsidize the tobacco industry and the liquor industry.
Oh, friends, you know, lips that have touched the bottle will never touch mine.
Though I do partake occasionally of the holy FROP admixture prescribed by my personal physician, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But like Bob himself said, I FROP that others may live.
And, friends, FROP ain't one of those conspiracy street drugs.
Uh-uh.
But we'll be talking about it.
We'll be talking about FROP later, maybe even next week.
I know, I know, y'all want to know what FROP really is and how to get you some.
But, oh, we're just gonna have to listen.
You're gonna have to listen real, real close in stereo headphones tonight, friends,
if you even want to gain but an inkling.
Drugs have become an escape for a nation of ignored youth.
Many parents too busy to stop, listen, and love.

Yes.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Bob said I'm gonna give you drugs.
Bob said I'm gonna give you pills.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.






Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.






Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
in her nice soft dress.
Hi, Mr. Valium.
Hi.
Well, today we're going to make sure
that everybody feels okay.
That's a really long picnic they're having.
Yes, they're eating Kool-Aid and pills.
Oh, well.
Miss Valium.
Well, I'm sad today.
Pills for the bad and pills for the good.
Pills for the young and misunderstood.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Well, pills in my hamper.
Pills in my socks.
Pills in my woods.
And pills on the rocks.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Pills are the kind of things to do.
Pills are better friends than you.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Yeah, Pills.












Give me those pills, Bob.
Can we have some pills over here, please?
Here, have some pills.
Hmm.
Take some more of these pills.
More pills.
In the morning.
More pills.
pills please from our people and that's just the sort of thing i was talking about exactly
gentlemen ladies and gentlemen hello to you in dallas texas this is the secret reverend bleepo
abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there courtesy of
staying and and the reverend buck naked for which i'm glad to present this opportunity to myself to
speak at this time first of all i want to say that uh none of the pills are ever good enough
as you all know and as you're out there out there you know you cannot you cannot feel anything
without some sort of pill now that pill could be of course you know your average uh you know
vitamin or dexatrim or something like that or it can be jesus it's any kind of pill that you
mention at all we don't want to get too specific here but let's just face it friends you're all
looking for a pill and uh i i don't know i don't know right we're not talking this move into our
lives
we're talking a bucket of pills which is sometimes we're not talking something that will relate to
half an old-fashioned bathtub full of pills like sometimes i don't know how much quarts of pills go
for in dallas right now i think in new york you can get about a half a handful of pills for what
like a pint of pills might cost you in austin or chicago but we're in dallas now so we're talking
quarts of pills but he'll be officers full of pills these are all legal they're not drugs these
are herbs
they've been smuggled in by tibetan llamas which have been working for bob for centuries i heard
they put them on the bellies of sea turtles at one point they'd fit them in the airplane seven
year voyage they put them on your tongue they put them on uh they might put them on gooses
and bob makes the best pills ever once made yeah yeah get pills yeah you get them you get them
pills and you feel you feel wise your heart feels
wise your heart feels wise you feel wise you feel wise you feel wise you feel wise you feel wise
you're buying and you know that you're the only one and the rest of them are wrong and you're the
only one that's right that's how you're supposed to feel because you got the pills of bob in you
that's right possess these children with the fire of thy holy way fill them with the blood of your
passion that will enable their weak spirits to move in pursuit of your holy work our children are
faced with the pure and pure spirit of god and the spirit of god is the only way to live and live
and we are the only ones who can do it and we are the only ones who can do it and we are the only ones who can do it
of taking drugs and drinking alcohol it is readily available the effects are devastating
and i walked into the family room and the family was watching the tv set with their back to me
and then i started firing a rifle
and i was standing behind my my dad and i shot him through the head yes and then right away
almost instantly my mother this would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old
ultra violence can you spare some cutter me brothers
go on do me in your bastard cause we don't want to live anyway not in a stinky water like this
oh
and what's so stinky about it it's a stinky word because there's no law norther anymore
it's a stinky world bigger than that's the young get onto the old look you go oh it's no
water for an old man any longer what's up about water is it at all men on the moon and men spinning around the earth
And there's not no attention paid to earthly law, no, no more.
Oh, dear, I thought for thee.
In the U.S. today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
Thirty-five percent of all students use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all the illicit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a clear, precisable problem.
The farmer, he got plowed.
The bricklayer got plastered.
The mechanic, he got tamed.
And the construction worker got blasted.
And daddy beat up mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
And everybody's drunk.
The garbage man got trashed.
The janitor got messy.
The taxi driver got smashed.
And the waitress, she got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City, Grapefruit City, Inning Bay City, now everybody's wrong.
And everybody's wrong.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
Well, there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
A whole lot of things that I ain't seen.
A whole lot of things I'll never be.
The generation that would change the world is still looking for its place.

Or at least, baby, even the way it is for you, yeah.

So I don't have to see the car keys.
When I walk through the door, I hear the sound of my keys being pushed across the wall.

A car keys!
A car keys!

A car keys!
Whoo!
Let's go!

The terrorists got bombed
The president got hit
Security was tight
Yeah, the Secret Service got hit
The FBI, CIA, DWI, USA
Everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's stoned
And there's nothing that's gonna change it
Everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's twerking on the job
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
Welcome to The Second Part of the quietly commercial.
But the pusha don't care
If you live or if you die
Goddamn
The pusha
Goddamn
Hey, I say, the pusha
Oh, my boy, if it's drugs you want, the old doctor can help you out.
Right this way.
Hey, get your hands off me. I don't want to leave.
Then roll up your arm and bend over.
Do you want regular or premium?
Oh, this is ridiculous. You guys are nothing but a pack of cards.
Drink me.
Drink me.
Must be some way out of here.
I'll change the air. That's what I'll do.
Let's see, what have I got left on the climate control?
Uh, dust storms?
No.
Tibetan wilderness?
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs.
That sounds great.
Don't worry.
Just look at the illustrated one.
Flexibleansen from remember?
Yeah.
No, it's established.
Are there no prawduding signs that we're direct?
You g slope to be safe.






Mama! Papa!
Watch out! Here's the police!
The madness is a journey to hell,
that the brain is crippled and swollen.
In ever-changing dimensions,
the Ruth Khan this poor girl who's trapped in this life
때문에 l'onestiment
sans un Żrzeg n' whipping.
And surely you can't deny
that you're the real Reese and Reese struggled
with this election especially in front of a campaignable American rich,
not someone behind this ballot that like a rainstorm of védero!


and all the longpox.
Oh, darling, I remember when the least little problem
used to put you right to sleep.
Oh, not anymore, Matt.
Today's modern, now a go-go woman
just pops these simple little pills
called Angadream.
Swell demonstration, eh, Sarge?
It's routine.
Maybe.
But if the chief ever caught me taking these pills,
he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the chief himself's been on these for a week,
and he's a change.
And welcome, dear friends,
to the Hour of Slack
on KNON.
Praise Bob!
Good. Open your mouth, Jeff.
No, I don't like pills.
It really does help take the trouble out of falling asleep.
The haunting reality is
that any one of these addicts,
prostitutes, or runaways
could be your child.
There was me.
That is Alex.
And my three droogs.
And their enemy is the God-centered family.
An 18-year-old teenager named Diane,
living here in Hollywood,
took her life.
She was under the influence of LSD.
She had experimented with it
as a result of peer pressure from her friends.
This young lady had everything in the world to live for.
She had just won a Grammy Award,
she was signed for a television series.
Today, drugs and alcohol
have replaced baseball and football
as the national pastimes.
We are producing a country
without a future.
Any punk will tell you there is no future.
They don't think about it.
They wallow in just now operating theater.
They only have the present.
I can't hold my breath
any longer in front of the policeman.
I have no choice but to go with him.
See what he has to say.
I'll minister to him.
I've tasted the dew
on the lips of sweet death herself.
You were right, Paul, when you said
that someday we'd all live in the treetops.
Like apes, like monkeys,
like rodents,
like vermin,
like the squirrel
that found itself electrocuted.
On my electric fence,
the one I use to keep Zandy inside,
and the dogs,
the squirrels can't take the voltage.
They fry, they die convulsing.
They suffocate
because their lungs can't take in another breath.
But yet, their brains are aware of the terror.
My little boy walked out one morning
and he said,
Daddy, is the squirrel sleeping?
Is the squirrel sick?
I said, no!
My child, the squirrel's not sleeping.
The squirrel's not sick.
The squirrel is dead.
The squirrel will not come back.
The squirrel can't be fixed.
It turned into a skeleton.
A squirrel skeleton.
My son said,
Father,
I want to be like that squirrel.
I, too, want to be a skeleton.
You can't arrest me, officer.
I'm not drunk.
I might be half-ass drunk, though.
말층
Yah yo know who you are
When yuh gotta hang over



and it's all hung over back say to your girlfriend's car have a drunk just you and me sergeant carter haircut
gomer pile hook up living off a lsd have a drunk and i'm feeling blue
well a flood come in and it washed away my den and my water bill still fast due have a drunk
call my boss i ain't feeling quite right
well it can't be monday because i don't remember sunday and my hands are feeling saturday night
we love songs
have a drunk and i'm drunk
well i used to have a job but i'm sick of getting robbed so i finally just
a band quit mama had a
you
have a drunk
well my head feels odd
well baby needs food but his daddy needs a lewd brother baby better find himself a job
have a drunk
have a drunk
have a drunk
have a drunk
have a drunk
have a drunk
drunken
I'm a old stop top
buy 2 for Què
Have ass drunk
And I'm having fun
Stopped on a hill
Cause I had to take a pill
But I couldn't quite find my tongue
Have ass drunk
Hell, I can see
Well, they said the light was red
Now a couple of folks
Well, there was 22 mangled
And there was one guy that was gimped up pretty good
He had to sort of walk like this
For the rest of his life
Well, there was one guy
It was pretty neat
He was hurt pretty good, I guess
They had like this machine that was like hooked up
Where he had this tube running up through his nose, you know
And that was the only way he could breathe
And well, there was this one dude
It was like a blade had chopped straight down on his toes
And last I heard, he still couldn't walk
There was one guy
Well, this is what's weird
They found parts of him on the front of the car
And other parts of him on the back of the same car
I mean, it sort of defies
The mind, doesn't it?
How you could find pieces of the same person
On the front and back of the same car
I mean, I just don't understand
They ought to run some kind of scientific test
I don't even see how that could even happen
And a couple of folks dead
Well, it sure looked green to me
Have ass drunk
Hell, I wish I was
Turned a brand new Trans Am into an old tin can
Trying to outrun the fuzz
Have ass drunk
I'm a victim of lies
Well, there's nothing wrong with me, your honor
I can see, hell, I got you damned
You dug your eyes
Have ass drunk
Oh, woe is me
You know the fact that I detain schools
And I try to stand and win
And play a good spoonful of magic
But why would I Л banget


And I want a rich day
Or maybe you're sick
Maybe a damn deficit

But nobody on the World banyak
T diminished
It's not just a fucking machine
You know all my dead 300 bags

But all I can think of
Did not even mean a thing
I could have been gone for more
Held up in an intensive care ward
Lying on the floor
I was gone for all those days
But I was not all alone
I made friends with a lot of people
In the danger zone
See my lonely
In the danger zone
I was gone for all those days
I see it every day
See my lonely
In the danger zone
Since I've gone away
I'll tell them when to bother
And I'll raise the rainbow
I got a good chance
I'll tell them when to bother
The push
Now imagine a world where
Heroin was legal
But possession of coffee
Was punishable by up to
50 years in jail
In other words, friends,
Think of a world where you could run down
To the nearest convenience store
Just about any time of day or night
And purchase any amount of liquid heroin you wanted
A whole bottle of heroin
Would be about three bucks
Or you could go down to a heroin den
And sit and shoot up with all your shooting buddies
Until about 2 a.m.
Then you'd get on the expressway
And drive home
Or, for that matter, folks
In the heroin world
You could go down to a heroin den




Where, imagine that the authorities
Making heroin so much a part of their business world
That nobody closed a big business deal
Without having a few shots of smack with the client
When there'd be billboards all over the roads
For the coolest brands of heroin
Showing beautiful models
Skin popping next to a waterfall
And on TV, well, not only would there be
All these ads showing your favorite sports heroes
Shooting their friends
And their favorite brand of heroin
But in any party scene
Any scene of any TV show
Where people were shown relaxing
Or having a good time
Well, they're always taking
Just a few little sniffs of smack
Now, the leaders of a world like that
Would have to be pretty insane, right?
I mean, it'd be obvious
That the leaders themselves
Were not only heroin users
But stood to gain quite a bit
From the whole population
Aside from a few of them

And a few anti-heroin fanatics
Leaning on this substance to relax
But let's take it a step further, friends
Imagine if these people made coffee illegal
Because they said it was addicting
And it led to harder stuff like espresso
But yet untold millions of people
Had been drinking coffee for thousands of years
And no one had ever OD'd
You drink it and it sharpens you up a bit
And then later you crash a bit
But it was, it's so illegal
That the smugglers are getting fantastically rich
Having contraband coffee beans
Flown up from South America
And there'd be this whole subculture of bean heads
People that were into coffee
Partly as a rebellion against the establishment
And the whole reason that coffee led to harder stuff
Like espresso or NyQuil
Was because to buy coffee
You had to go to a coffee dealer's house
A pusher's house
Where you'd encounter people who were not coffee lovers


People who were espresso users
And on top of that
A one ounce bag of coffee beans
Would cost like a hundred bucks
Just for an ordinary Maxwell House grade
And people would be arrested
And spend their whole lives in jail
Maybe even be executed for using coffee
Which is relatively harmless
While this whole planet of junkies
Was going scot-free
And President Reagan would be up
You'd see him in the news
At, you know, partying with world leaders
All of them snorting a bit of smack
And shooting up
Imagine what a horrible, topsy-turvy world
That would be, friends
Where they made a powerful
Central nervous system depressant
Not only legal
But glamorous
While an organically grown
Harmless bean off of a bush
Could wreck your life
Only because of the laws against it
But
But
But that could be
That could never happen here
No, not in this world, friends
Nah
Nay, nay
Couldn't happen
No way, baby
We're an enlightened people here
So just forget that little allegory
You know, let's not get depressing about it, friends
Let's
Let's just lean back with a good stiff
Drink
And forget it
And just give it a shot
And praise God
That's the best thing you can do
Doctors smoking
Nurses smoking
Judges smoking
Even the lawyer too
So you've got to live on like me
Is that a prop?
This is half a prop as if you lost it.
You can smell it. It doesn't smell like marijuana at all.
It's got a very pungent odor.
I don't like this stuff.
It is free.
We have to smoke it. It's one of the rules.
We're talking about a barrel of Havifrom.
We're talking about a void, a limitless void of Havifrom.
We're talking about several alternate realities.
We're talking about your basic...
We're talking about putting it in your pipe and smoking it.
And another thing I want to tell you about tonight,
we've had some calamitous times in Malaysia.
You might have heard about a couple of times

about all the rains we had.
Yes, dear friends, it was flooding over here,
but oh, Bob, oh, good old Bob knew
that when it flooded in Malaysia,
you better build your houses on stilts.
So all our houses are built on stilts over here, dear friends.
Ha-ha.
We knew a long time ago that when those floodwaters came,
we better be sitting pretty, sitting high,
so nobody can come by.
And speaking of sitting high,
we need something over here in Malaysia.
Yes, our whole drug cabinet was washed away.
And after a flood, you know, we need some drugs.
We need some drugs that can help the people out here.
So what I want you all to do, dear friends...
Something was missing.
It was Mike Hills.
I wonder if that guy bombed or not.
I guess I better run over there.
I'm going down this dark river.
Doug, Doug.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, okay, what?
Down here.
Oh, okay.
Where are we going?
The dark river.
Where are we going?
Tunnel ride.
Don't worry.
Just, like, hand the guy a cure.
That guy took all my pills.
Yeah, well, don't worry about those pills.
You don't need those pills anymore.
Okay, well, I still got my tape recorder and my camera.
You don't need those anymore either.
Give them to me.
Come on.
Come on.
Whoa, look out.
Whoa.
Whoa, Doug.
Charlie's enormous mouth.
Well, it's all right.
The girl's got a very large mouth.
But it's all right.
Her teeth look okay.
She must be brushing them quite a bit.
Of course, her mouth is extra large.
And we can only assume as to how she's been using it.
Charlie's enormous mouth.
Well, it's all right.
The girl's got a very large mouth.
But it's all right.
She's got lips all around the hole where she puts her food in.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

They call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
Which is as good a place as any for a tongue to include in.
That's why they call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Kind of young, kind of wild.
Charlie's enormous nose.
We're all talking about it.

It's all right.
The girl's got a very large nose.
But it's all right.
She once was okay, but she's been blowing it quite a bit.
Of course, her friends are extra large.
And we can only assume as to how she's been using it.
Charlie's enormous nose.
Well, it's all right.
The girl's got a very large nose.
But it's all right.
She's got stuff all around the hole where she puts her food in.
They call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
They call it the mouth.
And when it finally rocks away, I guess you'll probably try the drug again.
When you finally get it.
They used to call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Kind of young, kind of dead.
Charlie's disgusting brain.
Well, it's all black.
The girl's got a very dead brain.
It won't come back.
She used to convey.
But then she took an extra hit.
Of course, her friends are extra dumb.
And they were terribly excited while they watched her do it.
Charlie's disgusting brain.
Well, it's all black.
The girl's got a very dead brain.
It won't come back.
She got dirt all around the hole.
Where they don't dirt box it.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
Which is as good a place as any for a chump to be posing.
That's why they call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
And all around at the side of the grave stood Charlie's friends who could not save this stupid girl from the way she behaved.
And all around at the side of the grave stood Charlie's friends who could not save this stupid girl from the way she behaved.
But among the mourners and the frowners,
They cried away.
And in August,
And in August,
In August,
In August,
No, I ain't got enough.
No, no,
Also, it doesn't exist.
And they are shooting each other because of a new prize.
Billions of dollars in American money.
The hard-earned or hard-stolen dollars of America's heroin addicts.
Can't you want any of this junk, huh?
Go to it, boys.
But this young girl, 14 years of age, in the eighth grade,
recently took 50 pills to take her life.
She has slit her wrist and she's been into heavy drugs.
I've got super dynamic overdrive.
I'm operating in 10,000 revolutions.
My motor is being preserved because I'm operating in supernatural overdrive.
Are you certain you know what reality is?
No matter what I do to change it,
Normal I remain.
Normal can be just as bad as riding in a wheelchair.
Today, serious heresy is a deviant state of consciousness.
Not so much deviant opinions
as having a clear view of the world.

It's a kind of experience which is different from regular experience.
We are taught what experiences are permissible.
And therefore, if a person has so-called strange experiences
and endeavors to communicate these experiences to other people,
he is looked at in a very odd way and asked,
Are you feeling all right?
Because people feel,
distinctly uncomfortable,
when they realize that they're in the presence of someone
who's experiencing the world in a rather different way from themselves.
They call in question as to whether this person is indeed human.
They look like a human being,
but because the state of experience is so different,
you wonder whether they really are.
And in rather the same way,
in a very everyday kind of circumstance,
when you're sitting in a bar drinking,
and you find you have a drunk next to you,
and he turns to you and says,
I say,
And you sort of move your stool a little way away from this man.
Because he's become, in some way,
what we mean by non-human.
We expect a high of about 65 degrees tomorrow,
increasingly cloudy skies once again,
with some rain in the forecast.
So I found this little dish, crawled in, and I say I'm happy.
Then I pulled up on the cat dois,
and I figured this guy that I just called,
Hey, чем essayer look at this kid menu,

I just bought some部 1BStar and some

You want some cappuccino?
Yeah, hell yeah!
I have an espresso machine in there.
Espresso.
Yeah, what would you do?
I feel the need to express myself into a cup and then pour it back into the spot in which I want to pour it into my shoes.
And I will be reborn again.
A man of caffeine.
Y'all get your little whiskey, get your little snort, get your little reefer, get your little uh...
You serious? The plain people that's fixing to kill you, pushing the drugs out here for you. How many of y'all know that? Let me see your hands.
Some of y'all got your hands up, got a reefer in your pocket.
And we sat in the Corova Milk Bar trying to make up our razzle-docks what to do with the evening.
The Corova Milk Bar sold Milk Plus.
Milk Plus, Velocet, or Synthamesque, or Drencrum, which is what we were drinking.
This would sharpen you up and make you ready for the best.
A little bit of the old ultra-violence.
And they got your hands so messed up, everybody got their high and don't like nobody else's.
Yeah, the whiskey drinkers have always looked down on the wine-o's.
Reefer smokers now got an attitude about whiskey drinkers.
And all at once the cocaine snorters think they're more sophisticated than the reefer smokers.
And the coffee drinkers hate them all.
And yet there is more stomach cancer caused in America every day from drinking coffee than lung cancer from smoking cigarette.
And after enough of us been riding it long enough, Harvard University with their old tricky self has finally come out now and said,
cancer of the colon is caused more from drinking coffee than anything else.
And to show you how insignificant nothing they got you, ain't nothing you can do about it.
But keep on drinking coffee.
It's my impression...
I'm not talking about manslaughter, I'm not talking about...
Milk plus valisette or sent to masco.
A lot of the evangelical leaders seem to have forgotten that.
Now we understand the drunk, we know what's the matter with him and it'll wear off.
But when quite unaccountably a person gives a representation that he's suddenly got the feeling...
that he's living in backwards time...
or that everybody seems to be separated from him by a huge sheet of glass...
or that he's suddenly seeing everything in unbelievably vivid, detailed, moving colors.
You say, well that's not normal.
Therefore there must be something wrong with you.
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead...
It makes...
Oh God, it hurts, my headaches come back.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
If these headaches keep up...
Fuck.
I'll go down in the medicine fish hole.
I'll go in the medicine fish hole if I have to.
That's a big piss.
Oh.
Do you have any aspirin?
Not much.
Getting stoned on sunshine
Getting high on air
Getting to it naturally
Really getting there
Getting such a high on
Loving what I do
I'm so full of happiness
Hooked on something new
Life is such a thought trippy thing
Hello birdies, hello spring
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering
And I mean just what I say
Life is such a groovy thing
Don't pity me
I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling, ding-a-ling
My pot is filled with flowers
My grass is bright and green
My tea is brewing in my cup
And still I make the scene
So just don't try to change me
I love the world I've found
I've got to fly my own sweet way
Don't you shoot me down
Life is such a trippy thing
Hello birdies, hello spring
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering
Remembering, remembering
And I mean just what I say
Life is such a groovy thing
Don't pity me
I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling, ding-a-ling
Don't pity me
I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling, ding-a-ling
Don't pity me
I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling, ding-a-ling
Imperfect way to live
I've said it so many times
I've got to fight it
I've gotta walk


Hit by the word
Begins play


I'm going to fly
Be a great friend
I've got to walk
And find my they
You'll jeer when
After my well-loved
tribe
We boon
We've been curlin'
or not.
And well, friends, this is the end of your
hour of slack.
Ron Lindsey is here with
the Soul Oldies show.
And for those
of you who want to know what I was
playing tonight,
it was all on tape, so I wasn't cutting in
and telling you. You're just going to have to write
for information from the Church of
the Subgenius. That's right.
You, friend, are going to have to
dare having your
address on our
mailing list.
You know what sort of government
agencies
get hold of our mailing list,
whether we know it or not? Eh?
I don't either. But anyway,
you need to write to Bob,
friends. Write to Bob at the Church of the
Subgenius, and here comes that P.O.
Box number, friend.
P.O. Box 140
306
Dallas, Texas
75214.
This
is KNON
90.9, the voice
of the people and other
things in Dallas,
Fort Worth, Texas.
Whew!
There can be no such thing
as a safe pleasure drug.
Uh,
even if it had no harmful
physical side effects, it still
would have, uh, it would still be overused
by some people who cannot get pleasure
in other ways.
That's what's so sad.
Oh, I know smoking cigarettes
causes cancer, but I can't stop.
But if them same folks told you smoking
cigarettes in your automobile would
corrode your engine, it would be no more
smoking in the car.
Now that's concept.
That's what I said.
Because they've manipulated us to the extent that these educational institutions ain't nothing but tricks.
Why?
Well, I didn't tell you this before, but he's an egg salad addict.
You mean he's hooked on it?
He's hooked. He's got a chicken on his back.
Yeah, well, too bad for him.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
As far back as educated men have recorded, the world's largest chicken farm is a place where the most delicious food is found.


And, according to the history, sales have been lowered to disclose a vast new reality,
rents in the fabric of man's awareness.
And somewhere in the endless search of the curious mind lies the next vision,
the next key to his infinite capacity.
There's reason to believe that incessant stimulation of the reward or pleasure centers of the brain
will lead to a resetting of the pleasure threshold so that ordinary enjoyable things no longer stimulate that area,
or if they do, they aren't effective, and one can't enjoy ordinary life so that all one has left are the chemicals.
If we keep using drugs the way we are, we're going to go down the chemical dumper.
Well, you look puzzled, Peter.
Oh, but then you're still plain Peter Wayne.
But don't worry.
You'll all be crystal clear as soon as you've crossed over.
Consciousness expanding.
Properly induced CE will give a subject full awareness of capabilities never known before.
The doses have been somewhat shorter for me the last time or two.
If you can hear me now,
you'd better listen to my warning.
Warning, warning.
Well, I went on down to my girlfriend's shack to see...
