It's reality. Goodbye.
Come on, kids. Come on. Come on. Come on.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius power of SWAT.
Why should you plead for that?
Because it's great.
There's so little in life that's noble or beautiful.
I'm pleading for a man's achievement.
I'm pleading for greatness.
Yep, it went and screwed up again.
Once again.
Now what's my problem?
Do I hear any horrible noises?
I guess something shorted out when I touched over here.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sub-suggested.
We are having operating difficulties,
which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our...
Subgenius.
Power of SWAT.
Subgenius.
There is nothing wrong with your television set.
Only because you're listening to the radio.
Do not attempt to adjust the picture.
No, there is no picture.
We are controlling transmission.
Subgenius.
And now speaking for the management.
Oh, yes, your host and good prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
An incompetent amateur who has the arrogance to hold his own ideas above all rules.
That's me, dear friend.
That's your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Breaking the rules without knowing what the rules were to begin with.
And why?
Because we don't have very good equipment.
We're really broke.
And I know it sounds, to listen to the show,
why you'd think we were the most high-tech rich kids in the world.
But in fact, there's a four-year-old optimist video.
And he's got a radio shack deck that we're recording on.
There's this $10 radio shack microphone.
I don't even know if the CD player works anymore.
Let's see.
I ain't hearing nothing.
I'm wanting it, but I ain't hearing it.
It's got a good hum to it.
You can always depend on our CD player for a hum.
It will hum to you.
Let's put something in.
And here, this is done almost as cheesy as us.
Don't pay any attention to all that public howling.
I don't.
I've been denounced so much, it doesn't bother me anymore.
I know how you feel about it.
I started out in life as a coal miner.
Got where I am by acting on my own honest judgment,
whether others liked it or not.
When you grow older, you'll see that that's the only way to succeed in life.
I know it.
They've been tough on you.
They're going to get tougher.
But don't worry.
You'll win.
I have.
That's the only defense you need.
I'll rest on the evidence.
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
I'm going to give a pardon to celebrate the opening of Enright House.
I'll invite them all, the press, the architects, the critics.
Let them see.
If they think we're going to apologize, we'll celebrate instead.
I'm coming to steal the mail.
We will take your hand.
We will take your hand.
We'll talk it over.
Okay, sir.
Where did Vick be?


Anybody know who죠 victory was probably.
Here's a.
Davis.


The Wall Men.
The Wall Men sound pretty different these days.
And, yes, the Church of the Subgenius
has probably sounded a little different.
The Hour of Slack has sounded a little different
because, dear friends, we're forced to do our show
here at the home studio.
If you could just bear with us,
that's all we can possibly ask.
It's just...
I can't understand how my own daughter
can approve of this preposterous message.
I don't like geniuses. They're dangerous.
How's that?
A man abler than his brothers insults them by implication.
He must not aspire to any virtue which cannot be shared.
Oh, I wouldn't know about that intellectual stuff.
I play the stock market.
I play the stock market.
I'm a marketer for spirit.
And I sell short.
It's stunning.
Perfectly stunning.
And it was, uh, the, uh,
unfortunately the new manager
at the old station,
K-N-O-N in Dallas,
where we used to originate.
Uh, all the...
Well, it's a Christian station now, basically.
Um, and, uh...
So if you detect a...
certain note of...
Let's not call it bitterness, exactly,
but, uh, okay, let's call it bitterness.
Uh, uh, uh, uh,
from your, uh, preacher,
Reverend Ivan Stang, uh, that
it may be because, uh, we
begin to feel a bit like a, uh,
prophet who is going without honor
in one's own land, don't you see it?
But, uh, we understand
that it is, uh, important
that we get back to the
basic, uh, uh,
reason for this whole show, which is,
of course, my friends, to...
Uh, now let's see if we can, uh,
change the speed on this, uh...
Uh, to praise
Bob!
Oh, yeah.
It's a little better.
It sounds more like
an hour of slack.
Slack.
And we can start back to...
Praise and Bob.
Uh-huh.
I may sound like a Bible-beater
yelling up a revival
at a river crossing camp meeting,
but that don't change the truth, none.
I'm tired of this New Age
gobbledygook, mumbo-jumbo
replacing Dobbs'
revealed doctrine
of the New Age supersonic
Nazi hill creatures from beneath
the hollow earth. I'm tired of
undead preachers preaching
undead sermons to
undead congregations.
I'm tired of ministers
who need three church secretaries
and a German shepherd and a
midget and what all
God only knows what all else for they can get
out there and preach the gospel
of slack. I'm tired of preachers
saying that God's gonna
kill them if they don't raise some money
and then God not
following through.
Bob is being blamed for at least two deaths in
20 injuries.
Not even President Bush's vacation home in
Kennebunkport, Maine was spared Bob's
winds and waves.
One person, though, died near New York City
when Bob threw a tree into a commuter train.
How has your life changed since Dobbs came into your life?
I realized that the exits are a reality
and that my life is geared towards their arrival.
I redefined my own space
and was able to
center my being.
When I first heard Bob on the radio
he said that he could
heal and told me to put
my hand on the radio so that
the Bob energy could come out
through the airwaves.
The only cult they want to talk about is the
subgenius foundation, the church of the
subgenius.
If you plan to get saved,
you'd better do it now.
There will be a day not
in the future.
The too far distant future in which
Antichrist will be revealed
and the mark of the beast will be introduced.
I might point out that a lot of people worry about
the one world government that the conspiracy
is trying to get across.
We suspect that the only thing that can fight a one world government is going to be a one world religion.
And of course that's what the subgenius, the church of the subgenius is here for.
When he says you shall have tribulation ten days, he means you're going to have a maximum of trouble.
And that's just the way things are.
The church is not at home in the world.
No, no, don't touch me.
Don't think I'm not going to tell him about men.
What terrible things men do.
When he grows up, he's not going to know.
He's not going to know how to manhandle any poor little girls.
Sons becoming husbands to their mothers.
Old men turning young daughters into whores.
Now this is a crooked and perverse nation.
We have millions and multiplied millions of crooked politicians.
God put a death penalty upon adultery.
When we see millions and millions of men being killed,
multiplied by millions of people spending hours and hours before the television,
learning how to crack safes, rob banks, kill policemen, get divorced and break up homes.
All these soap operas, hour after hour, warps people's minds.
That shows that they're crooked.
That shows they're perverse.
That shows that they're stupid.
That shows they've got warped minds.
That shows they're not human.
That shows they're not human.
That shows they're not human.
You may be rich, a big business man with a big company,
and everyone kowtows to you when you come around,
but when you're lost, you're a nobody.
You're just a lost person, that's all.
And unless and until someone or something gets you straightened around
so that you know which direction to travel,
you just don't amount to very much.
You're not worth anything to yourself,
and you're not worth anything to anybody else.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Bob. Bob. Bob is. Bob is sex.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Bob.
Bob's Mysterious Mysteries is brought to you by the Subgenius Foundation,
challenging the laughable garbage taught as truth in our public school systems since 1953.
No! No!
Dateline now.
I hold in my quivering hands proof.
I'm not sure.
I do proof that we are not alone, dear friends.
Not even in the bathroom.
A much battered, old-looking phonograph record of the 78 RPM type
arrived yesterday at our offices in a plain brown wrapper.
Removing the inexplicable plain brown wrapper from our offices
and carefully deciphering the enclosed plain brown dried mud tablet,
painstakingly inscribed in Chaldean Aramaic and Top 40,
we soon became aware that not only is John Fitzgerald Kennedy
now piloting the Exist mothership currently patrolling the Saturnian space,
but he still finds time to pin most of the lyrics for Elvis's efforts to maintain a constant psychological warfare against the conspiracy.
And with the aid of his faithful cowboy companion, Chuck Connors,
to provide an important preview of tough times ahead for Bubba on planet Earth.
We present now the startling evidence of an impending invasion from outer space on the X-Man label.
.


We're gonna fry all the normals and put them all away
Tie them up and fry them up and burn them with death rays
The pink boys will not be found except within the blackened ground
That's where we'll leave them on next day
We're gonna fry all the normals and waste them in their beds
Tie them up and fry them up and whack off all their heads
The pink boys will not be found except within the blackened ground
That's where we'll leave them on next day
There on next day
Woo! Yee-haw!
Woo! Boy, that was inspiring!
I know who I'm gonna get to sing our theme song to Bob's Slack Time Funhouse here.
Woo! Well, everybody, everybody does the bob.
Oh, here it is.
Red in a bob!
Let's get ready to do the bob!
Woo!
Everybody bob.
Bob to the left.
Bob to the right.
Woo!
Now make up your own direction and bob.
To start a job, I gotta finish the job.
Finish, now cruising, doing the bob.
It's all a homie out there cruising in the Cadillac.
Yeah.
And a bop.
It's all the other boppers in the 98 to the 98.
Keep doing the bop.
It's all my homeboys riding in their Pintos and Cases.
Keep doing the bop.
Keep going.
All about the VWs.
Keep doing the bop.
Oh, yeah.
Look, look.
I've got the power.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, not too much bass on that.
Oh, no, no, no problem.
What?
What?
Well, I guess we can ask Clayton to show me.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you, and goodbye for now.
You're welcome.
There's the tweed.
Does that mean no tweed?
Here it comes, here it comes, look out!
Look out!
Hello, this is the show.
Sorry we missed you.
Yes, hello, Cleve from Berkeley.
Here's your real name, Cleve.
What is your real name?
If you were here, you'd be talking to millions of disgruntled listeners all across Northern California.
Cleve told me of an incident that happened to him the other day.
He was standing in a nearly deserted Boston subway station.
Tell it, brother, tell it.
There was a drunk standing on the other side across from him.
And he said, what's your name?
And Cleve, not wanting to tell his real name, said Bob.
That's right, he said Bob.
And the drunk said...
He said, all the best drunks are named Bob.
In fact, the greatest drunk on earth is named Bob.
And then that man got down on his hands and knees and he licked that third rail.
How many of you listening by radio can lick that third rail?
How many of you have been sitting the way Bob wanted you to, huh?
You've just been sitting on your little fannies, your tokuses.
Yes.
Sitting there.
Sitting there.
Praising Bob.
Singing hymns to Bob.
But you're afraid to get out there and...
Whoop, P-Dog for Bob, huh?
Aren't you being a little harsh with these people?
Oh, you Californians are so laid back.
We're into violence and hate in Texas.
I mean, we thought Bob was a nice guru.
We thought he was a good guy.
We thought he was, like, on our side.
Look, we didn't give you all that ammo just to praise him.
Just to praise him.
Now, hey, I didn't get any ammo.
I got some PCP.
And it was in recognition for his efforts in the United States.
Well, you best be glad I didn't get no ammo.
Well, at least that.
There's little kids in China who don't even get any PCP.
What?
Where am I?
What?
It's the next day and I'm still doing this show.
It's still the same show.
It's a day later.
Well, anyway, stop the pressings.
I was about to do this whole other thing.
I had a lot of sermonizing to do.
But we just got a package in the mail from Brother Cleve Duncan.
Our good friend up in Boston, Massachusetts.
Known to our Slack listeners for his many subgenius hymns.
And he sent a CD by this band.
Heard in the background.
Combustible Edison.
This album called I Swinger.
And Cleve's letter here on lovely Contiki letterhead says,
What did it look like?
It's back to life on the road for me this summer.
Filling in again for another keyboard player who doesn't want to tour.
I'm trying to do a sort of pathetic imitation of Cleve's Boston accent.
But what better band for me to tour with than the drinking and swinging Combustible Edison.
America's greatest purveyors of cocktail exotica.
Possibly the anti-medicine.
Music of the 90s.
It certainly ticks a lot of people off in much the same way.
Byron Werner has ruined his pants knowing we're coming to his town.
He's throwing a cocktail party for us at his house.
I know Bob will be smiling on us as we tour around America.
Attaché cases full of booze handcuffed to our wrists.
Fighting the conspiracy's dogma of teetotalitarianism every step of the way.
Repent.
Discover the sublime.
The sublime joys of the perfect martini.
I'm pushing for a Dallas date on this tour.
I hope it happens so we can hook up.
It has been a while hasn't it?
If you want to play any of this on your show and tell people to come out and see us please do.
We'll take all the free publicity we can.
So friends, the Combustible Edison in this case with Brother Cleve Duncan.
Brother Cleve Donut Duncan on keyboards will be in these following days.

In the town where the Hour of Slack is played.
These worthy cities which host this wonderful show.
May 20th in New York City.
I don't know which clubs they are but that's May 20th in New York City.
Thanks to WFMU there.
Let's see.
May 26th in Detroit.
For you Detroit Windsor listeners.
May 27th in Chicago.


Chicago, and I was there last week.
Praise Run and Gun Productions.
More on that later.
May 28th in lovely Madison, Wisconsin,
where the slaves of Sister Velveteen Sly can be heard chanting in the background.
And let's see.
And June 11th and 12th in Los Angeles.
Those are the cities which host not only Combustible Edison,
but also the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Let's listen in on this new, brand-new CD, shall we?
There's a million, there's a holiday.
Oh, beautiful, amazing, but true.
And now.
Oh, what else have we here?
Oh, let's see.
Along with this Combustible Edison CD came this sort of a proclamation of the cocktail nation, dear friends.
I'm going to read this to you.
It says here,
Calling all swingers from the penthouse to the doghouse, from the bedroom to the boardroom.
And the
We, the citizens of the cocktail nation, a nation defined not by geographical boundaries,
but by a common philosophy and dedication to the principles of the high life and the propagation thereof,
do hereby declare our solidarity and autonomy,
our independence from the desiccated horde of mummified uniformity,
our freedom from an existence of abject swinglessness.
Hey, man, this music is abject swinglessness.
Let's flip it over.
I was looking for some kind of cocktail music.
That's a little bit better.
The irregulars of the cocktail nation are blessed with enough uncommon sense to recognize their nature,
cultivating not riches, but richness, swankness, suaveness, and strangeness with pleasure and boldness for all.
Into the void of dictated sobriety,
we send this call.
To action.
The first step towards liberation is illumination.
So know your tribe.
The twelve tribes of the cocktail nation are as follows.
And do any of these describe you, dear friend?
The Fabulous.
The Libertinis.
The Clan of the Intoxicado.
The Adventuralites.
The Sassanians.
The Tussie Chicks.
The Swinglophiles.
The Terpsichorporationists.
The Grandiloquent Sophisticulturalites.
The Aesthetics.
The Exo...
No, the Exoticants.
I thought it was the Exotoxicants.
The Exoticants.
The High Rollers.
And the Lords of Leisure.
Know your tribe, friend.
Which is yours?
The citizen of the cocktail nation seeks a deeper appreciation of the finer things in life,
whilst ever striving for elevation in that rarefied stratosphere,
the very lap of Lusbury.
The citizen of the cocktail nation strives at all times to swing in style,
and above all else, to be fabulous.
Be fabulous.
This is the sacred credo of the cocktail nation, fabulousness.
It's not bought with a sacrifice at the altar of Mammon.
Fabulousness is a spiritual extravagance and a glamorous aberration,
larger than life in even the minutest details.
And, you know, friends, this doctrine is the cornerstone of the unification of the cocktail nation.
In all things, please, be fabulous.
And in being fabulous, to quote Bob Stupak, the Polish maverick of Las Vegas,
the sky is the limit.
Yes, there's a little more combustible Edison now for us all.
There's a little more.
Yes.
Yes.
Believe in me.
Yes.
Come, forward, andия.
, andia.
That's what people's minds runs on
and the morals are breaking down
and that's what it did in the Roman Empire
right before the Roman Empire fell.
Their morals broken down.
Well, there once was a man
The world's greatest salesman
And he had devised a plan
To get the shackles from our feet
To get the shackles from our feet
But now he's gone
A martyr for the cause
For this world
And he's coming again
Who knew that the first shot
Was gonna be the last shot
But he's got a hard driving pipe
The gas won't go through the night
So go to sleep


And I don't know
He made me hurt
You know that
Keep on squirting
All this fun
And he's coming again
Yes, dear friends,
and this is Brother Cleve Duncan
with his classic, classic subgenius hymn
Bob is My Load
an amazing piece
engineered by
Reverend Cleve Duncan
and Dr. Gleapo Abernathy
and I'm pleased with him
and Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger
as the chorus
The zombies for Bob Chorus
Ah, yes
It's a pretty strong church we find
and for school
yet we fall short
when it comes to taking care of our own
I'm looking for one new value
I'm looking for one new value
but nothing comes my way
An organization formed to oppose moral majority
How is this part
of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate
and to accept homosexuals as teachers in our Christian school
Our church happens to believe that homosexuality is a sin
Bullseye doesn't watch sniffles with me
Speaking of whores, that was that
And stop trying to force immorality into the law
which makes people accept it

Immorality
Our television programs laugh at homosexuality
Hey, they laugh at immorality
They laugh at ungodliness
They make a mockery of the holy word of God
And God says when you change my truth into a lie
I'll give you up to vile affections
In recent years, a real mystery has grown up around the subject of feminine hygiene
Much of this is due to the fact that women are not allowed to have sex with men
And that's due to advertising of so-called hygiene products
Which make us think that unless the American woman uses a particular deodorant or spray
She is neither clean nor desirable
Actually, many products that are being glamorized in today's advertising cause more harm than charm
Doctors agree that feminine hygiene sprays, deodorants, pyrolysis, and other products that are used in the world are not harmful to men

2000 Comb das in the vaginal area of the vagina
Comes from perspiration The collection of unneeded cells
Regular bathing with plenty of warm water
Malvexedavz

Malcolm
Everyone
will remove odor-causing factors.
Many doctors recommend that you have baths over showers.
More Cleve music there in the background, Fran.
Selection number two, Zuni Lullaby.
Boom After Burn Let It Roll
Not too long time
Not too long time
South
Not too long time
Not too long time
South
Not too long time
Not too long time
South
Not too long time
South

Not too long time
South
2
2
1
Let's Dance
Just dancing is one
5
I know that maybe Jim is a bad team.
Would you like me to hug you today?
I like my lunch already.
I like my lunch already.
I like my lunch.
I like my lunch.
Oh, surprise.
I like my lunch.
I like my lunch.
I like my lunch.
I like my lunch.
I like my lunch.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
See you.
Not too long time sound.
The Wall Men. More from The Wall Men soon.
But now, to continue with the theme,
The Swinging Love Corpses.
Guilty
Hand

Gallaudet

형
von
Zhang
ôi
ity
I
잘
ef
you
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021

© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
copy of Bridges of Madison County and read that to you. Talk about porno. Oh, here's
some good porno, dear friends. By the way, this music in the background is the Nurk Twins.
I really don't know much about them. I have this cassette from the Nurk Twins and, well,
actually, I could give you their address if you wanted to get this lovely background music.
I'm going to do it quick for those of you with tape recorders only. Nurk Twins, 1970
Latham Avenue, number 78, Mountain View, California, 94060. That's the background music.
That's not the Church of the Subgenius address. Anyway, as I was saying, speaking of pornography,
here's a piece by a Voodoo Mark band called Fighting by Voodoo Mark and Pink Bob. This is
off the FOT Records collection, Past Normal. There's a lot of pressure on us all to have sex,
male or female, straight or not so straight. The requirement to be sexually wringing wet
is signaled everywhere from our friends,
to the arts and media of our times. We don't measure up, it seems to read, if at some point
in our week we aren't posing like Big Shirtless Rod at some guest jeans ad, or rubbing ourselves
like MTV's latest pseudo-prostitute. No one anywhere seems to want to delve into how uncomfortable
we can be with this event. To consider my performance, physiology, level of experience,
comfort, distress, do I experiment too little, too much? Just what should I do here?
All these micro-thought processes add up to a level of dread on a par with being called
to the blackboard to solve a math problem in seventh grade with a boner.
The end.
End of the second half.




Pans.
TheSDagErar.com
so I'll give them up
I've given out some
I japanese
defense, it was not initially my decision. It simply was. But the infrequent sexual events
of the recent past have led me to embrace this decision. Not that the usual 45 seconds
of bone-chilling intercourse was that bad. It was more that cold, clammy feeling I'd
get afterwards. Weeks of plotting, planning, and expecting, leading only to two people
shrugging their shoulders mentally and saying to themselves, gee, I wonder what that was
all about. So that's it. Stick a fork in me, I'm done. As always, when one door closes
in life, another opens. My significant other and I now share a new recreational, interactive
pastime. Fighting. You know, hitting, kicking, pushing, throwing things at each other's heads.
Now there's passion.
Not since we were newlyweds have I felt the flames burning brighter in her soul. Not since
our first kiss have her cheeks flushed so red. A complete release of tension, an outpouring
of emotion, intense physical contact. Everything they said sex was, everything sex failed at
miserably. And afterwards we collapsed, bent on the floor, assessing the damage, saying
our apologies. She wipes the blood from her mouth and calls me an asshole.
And I say, you weren't too bad yourself. Ouch. Good one.
Oh, and dear friends, that's voodoo.
Mark.
From the FOT Records collection. Fighting Normal. FOT Records. They've got that pencil
ready. P.O. Box 505. Bloomingdale, Illinois. 601. 08. USA. Pented. What is this background?
Yeah, I want to make something up.
I'm Robert.
Ooh wee! That aches and pains.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Ooh wee!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh fella, oh fella.
It just aint fucking talk ago.
Very kind of you.
Well, what it turns out this is is Frank Paul.
No, it's not.
It was Frank Paul for a second,
but now it's Steve Horowitz and The Code
with this lovely tune,
Wanna Make Something of It.
Once again, from the past normal,
double CD from FOT Records.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
As I was saying,
speaking of,
speaking of pornography,
here's a follow-up on a story
that we've been,
we tried to keep you abreast of
on the hour of Slack here.
The story of the woman whose eyes were gouged out.
Many of you may remember this one.
Woman whose eyes were gouged out
doesn't want to prosecute,
lawyer says.
The attorney for two women
accused of gouging out their sister's eyes
has said,
that the charges should be dropped
because the victim does not want to prosecute.
But officials with Dallas County District's office
said Thursday,
they may proceed with the case
regardless of the woman's wishes.
Police allege that Ms. Crawford and Ms. Johnson
gouged Ms. Obazi's eyes out with their fingers
during a prayer ritual
at another woman's Southeast Oak Cliff home.
The homeowner told police that the women,
were trying to drive out the demonic spirit
of Ms. Obazi's father.
I guess the spirit would go with the eyes.
Ms. Crawford and Ms. Johnson were arrested
and indicted last month,
despite an affidavit signed by Ms. Obazi
states she did not wish to press charges.
And, uh,
she claims that she blacked out
and didn't remember,
uh,
what happened after her sisters began
poking her eyes.
So she, she doesn't know for sure that they,
they were the ones that gouged them out.
You know, it might have been the spirit
of somebody else's father.
Anyway, um,
Assistant District Attorney George West said,
Ms. Obazi's affidavit gave no reasons
for not wanting to pursue the charges.
He said he might consider dropping the charges,
but wants to make sure first
that relatives didn't coerce Ms. Obazi
to sign the document.
When someone's as helpless as she is
and as emotionally dependent on the family as she is,
you obviously have to look closer at the case,
Mr. West said.
Even if Ms. Obazi made the request of her own free will,
uh, he said,
he may prosecute anyway to deter others
from participating in potentially harmful rituals.
We have to balance the needs of society,
uh, he said, he may prosecute anyway to deter others from participating in potentially harmful rituals. We have to balance the needs of society,
we have to balance the needs of society,
with the victim's wishes.
Well, there you go, dear friends.
It's against the law to gouge your own sister's eyeballs out
in the name of Jesus,
which is what this was actually done about.
The Dallas Morning News doesn't like to dwell
on those sorts of unpleasant facts,
but like so many of the smothered and drowned
and scalded babies, it was,
well, the lady was having problems,
and so of course it must have been demons.
And see, to get the demons out,
and bring in Jesus,
it's illegal to gouge out your sister's eyes,
even if she wants you to do that.
For Jesus.
Hey, hey, I don't like the way they're trying to make these laws, friend.
Man, I'll tell you what, it's just,
it seems like the weirdos are,
I mean, the really weirdos,
the dangerous weirdos are outnumbering the harmless weirdos now.
And will you come over,
bringing those long things I like,
those long and slender things over by Bob's place,
the garbage pail,
because I was going to fix and say something about Bob.
That was Bob we were singing about.
I think that was Bob.
If you're talking about your straight Bob,
your righteous Bob,
your true Bob,
your Bob that is there,
and yet, well, I'd still be here,
and so would you.
This is true.
So?
I guess there's nothing that we can do but sing about Bob.
You know what God says the end result of vile affections is?
He says you're going to become so perverted in your lifestyle, hear me.
You're not simply going to smoke cigarettes
and inject needles into your collapsing veins.
You're not simply going to guzzle down alcohol,
but you're going to be so depraved
that your women are going to begin to make love to women,
and your men are going to begin to make love to women.
Bring that which is totally unnatural.
Ex-child star Sally LeRoy, 24, vegetarian, mystic, acid head.
The kid's head while he vomits and retches sitting on a curbstone at 4 o'clock in the morning,
and when his knees get enough starch back in him so he can stand up and empty his pockets,
you can bet he'll turn out a sticker to a marijuana,
and you can double your money.
He'll be holding a gun.
He'll be holding a sugar cube or a cap or two.
So don't you con me with your mind expansion, slop.
I deal with kids every day.
I try to clean up the mess that people like you make out of them.
I'm the expert here.
You're not.
Really?
When's the last time you were asked to appear on television?
I am the new way to go, the way of the future.
I can't begin to fill all my personal appearance requests.
I'm not just news, my friend.
I make news, big news.
Even when my name is gone, I keep my word.
Just pray that God starts aerei the whole way around không .
Look, you sit there thinking you're still rare and desperate,
but don't check your fortune as I said the other day.
Think, think, maybe ...
What the hell is it?
It's-it's horrible, man.

You what?
And God has a place for you to fit in to the body of Christ and begin to actively do that.
Whoa, I don't know if I want to fit in to the body of somebody else.
You're going to have to exercise sometimes some guts, some boldness.
But nobody can tell you how the Holy Ghost is going to manifest in your life.
It's something that's pure.
It's something that's holy.
I can think of the body of somebody I might like to fit into a piece of.
To what?
To one lady.
I said, well, you know, you're a minister.
We're going to make ministers out of members.
And she said, no, no, no, no, no.
We're not ministers.
Now, we might be messengers, but we're not ministers.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Well, I knew where she was coming from.
And listen, this is common.
We've all grown up in church.
Hey, I mean, you know, people see themselves many times as part of the lower class of people.
Christians.
What?
Those who are not full-time, paid ministers.
Talk quite the opposite, my good man.
And I want to tell you, brother and sister, that's not of God.
And that will hold back ministry, effective ministry, in our Christian culture.
I believe as Christians, as a grass move army of God, we can be much more effective than we are.
I do believe I've looked objectively at the body of Christ in the United States.
And I have to say, it's been fairly.
It's been fairly static.
I don't see the rocket growth that I saw in the beginning of the book of Acts.
But I believe it's possible.
Look at Stephen.
I mean, the Bible says that he did mighty miracles.
But he was just a table waiter.
And even the great evangelist Philip was right by Stephen's side, waiting tables in the beginning.
And maybe before I became a preacher, I was a net digger.
Why do they call us?
The lower class of Christian believers.
Well, obviously, now the Bible says, if you wait tables, you can move in God's power and do mighty miracles and perform wonderful signs.
And I choose to bring one to the altar because that works.
And God uses that.
However, it's a trap.
Don't worry about any blunders you've made while young.
It's the privilege of youth.
Do you know why the calendar exists?
Do you know what a one-week cycle is?
You have one day of rest with every seven days.
That's rhythm.
One day out of seven days, you can do whatever you like.
You have to have your way sometime.
Jokes and humor are great fun, but won't last.
Just be yourself.
You can't live on promises.
Let's spread our wings.
Laugh, cry, eat, sleep.
That's life.
But let's put a little spice in life.
Don't let people feel sorry for you.
Let's put a little spice in life.
Let's put a little excitement in life.
Tomorrow's hero might be you.
Express yourself and get your word out.
Life's too serious.
There's not enough humor in the world.
Girls should be aware of the girls.
Boys should be aware of the boys.
And never forget the Naminayoi goals.
Shout aloud.
We're the best dressed in the world.
But shout within you.
Don't push me around.
Until we meet again.
Joke.
Yes.
Yes, dear friends, and that was The Wall Men.
The Wall Men from their new CD.
I can't believe The Wall Men are on a CD.
Their CD, Not Too Long Time Sound.
And you can write The Wall Men at 7711 Lisa Lane.
North Syracuse, New York.
13212.
Also available through Bar None Records.
Ah, yes, and friends who have been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack,
if you would like to get hold of free information regarding this program,
The Church of the Subgenius,
the publications of The Church of the Subgenius, and so forth,
please get that pencil ready and just drop a simple...
A simple self-addressed stamped envelope to Bob.
That's right, just address that to Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 7530.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Or ask your local radio station.
This is Joe Newman in the background.
The Rudy Schwartz Project album CD called Don't Get Charred, Get Puffy.
And thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
