The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
The Subgenius Power of Smudging!
me I mean it's hey that's all wrong no it's right my way though it's it's wrong
for you but it's right for me no this is wrong it's a perfect balance no no no
versus the reward Ian easy staying yeah he's got what's the ADHD yeah CD says what we need
to stick together together together we're almost an alphabet I was telling my grandson could finish
this puzzle game in two hours it took me two days and he goes I'm smarter than you and I said your
brain works faster for sure
but I know a lot more so we need to work together kid and I'm convinced that that that's what you
have to do the speed of thought might be overrated my wife is a complete reward Ian hoarding now do
the to the grandson space legos do they do the legos the kids yeah I haven't I don't like your
devices
they
they
they
, they've been into all the kid fads but Legos is old time well see that's the thing I I asked my
daughter to get me this Lego cake so I thought oh that'll be relaxing for me so I can ever get
me this Saturn 5 replica of the Lego thing right and I'm like I'm all I'm a jam this out right well
I get about third way done and there's just one little thing that I didn't do right so I gotta
take it all apart I don't think I'm ever gonna finish that project
I'm out here and I'm out of here okay I was working a обязательно in his own heads or some cheese
while using and all over you know we're all favorite now we'll talk about zeg hyena that's
course together level taeju's name with flour just got more progression but he only makes
letters on my a megandy so much 88 males how many years old is Niki where we all know abuction
uh said let me see let me take my girlfriend vad Alistair their two little minute old Nici
inuk Sunny hjäl Thete Niki come here be my fiat and according knees almost 10 pounds are
moving I know this is just about money man for me and Ally of course they learned bar uh and this is pure
liked much better, American plastic bricks.
Yes, American plastic bricks were great.
They overlapped and so on.
They were somewhat like LEGOs.
But with them, it was all about building miniature
buildings with windows and
tablatures and doors and stairways, chimneys, all that
stuff with the bricks.
You could get them all interlocked and make perfect
buildings, but yes.
Those are real hard to find now.
I know.
Well, they broke very easily.
They weren't tough like LEGOs.
Nothing can break them.
Then there was the kits that had little plastic girders and
panels that you made skyscrapers out of.
Yes.
Well, the erector set was metal in my game.
The erector set was metal.
I'm talking about plastic skyscrapers.
Meccano?
Yeah, it had a little plastic thing, and you had a little
friction gun that you melted the girders to each other with
friction.
Then you'd put little plastic sheets on them.
You could build these really elaborate skyscrapers.
But it was kind of a gyp toy because once you had soldered
the girders together-
Why would you solder them?
They just snapped together.
Well, I'm just telling you my version of that toy.
Mine didn't snap together.
You had to get the end of it gluey with this little friction
thing that spun around, and then you stuck it to another
girder.
Are you sure that you just didn't read the instructions?
Maybe I was doing it wrong.
Maybe you were doing it wrong.
I think you were doing it wrong.
I was just randomly customizing it.
I think I'm going to find that toy.
There are so many of us that did.
But once again, we're talking about toys that existed in the
60s, and nobody even knows what the hell we're talking about
now.
The 60s?
I was talking about the 50s.
But in the 60s, things came in like the great
Garlue and so forth.
Oh, I wanted the great Garlue so bad.
Yeah, the other kids all had it.
I'll have one tomorrow.
I wasn't allowed to get a great Garlue either.
I was told it was ridiculous.
I'm going to have one tomorrow.
I'm going to have one of those.
The great Garlue tomorrow.
Anything I can remember.
Uh-huh.
And those building kits.
How about Robert the Robot?
I never had that.
The other kids had Robert the Robot.
I had Mr. Atom.
However, Mr. Atom had many praiseworthy features.
But it didn't talk like Dan.
Was that the one that had a top hat and went like this?
That's Mr. Machine, which is sort of a two-dimensional
robotoid thing.
It did have a top hat.
Mr. Atom had changeable eye lenses in his atomic eye sockets and so forth, but was mainly
a walking robot of the boxy kind.
Everybody's rock'em, sock'em robots.
When the Japanese actually did break that barrier and create the first humanoid
robots in 1999, the Honda Company, what was so strange was they looked like those boxy

robots of our childhood with feet like shoeboxes and so forth, but they could move with exquisite
gliding.
They could go up and down a flight of stairs without clank, clank, clank.
Dr. Al, did you see that?
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.

I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.


I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.



I did it.
I did it.

I did it.
I did it.

Yeah!
We did it!
We managed it!

A friendly ride away with the Japanese
This is my man.
This is my man.
This is my man.
This is my man.
Dr. Hal, did you see that darling thing that just entered the room?
Reverend Trixie Von Mothersbaugh.
She looks so cute.
She looks like a little raggedy.
She's a little raggedy and all.
You just want to hug her and tickle her.
She had little cute ears on.
She did such a great show yesterday.
I know.
I missed it.
I'm really sorry.
I was holed up.
It was hidden in the rain or something.
I missed your show.
Well, today is the day of heat that replaces the day of wet, and it will take its toll, certainly.
Theoretically, I'll see videos and get all the audio and stuff.
I'd love your outfits, man.
They're just so cute.
Well, they're very elegant, and they raise our spirits.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She looks like she just walked out of an MGM musical, lollipop.
Could be.
Song, movie or something.
Yeah.
I'm not so fond of MGM myself.
Everybody loves it.
But really, all it was is that Louis Meyer had more money.
I'm not so fond of MGM myself.

I'm more fond of MGM myself, I think, than anybody else.
MGM made a lot of crap, which was supposed to be top of the line, in my opinion.
Anyway, tomorrow we won't have to worry about any of that.
Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow will no longer creep in a petty pace from day to day.
We can make any day last as long as we want.
There will be no days.
And all our yesterdays will be retrievable.
Well, actually, tomorrow's—
And not lost in the dust of time.
Tomorrow will be the last tomorrow, correct?
Because after tomorrow, time really isn't going to have definitions like today and tomorrow
and whatnot.
It'll be whatever you want.
Right.
Exactly.
I'll probably keep the same rhythms on my escape planet.
That's smart.
Because mine—I'm not thinking in terms of a large spacecraft for myself.
I'm thinking in terms of a large planet that I can—and there's no limit, see, to your—anything
you can imagine you can have.
And my main interest is actually in the life forms of Earth.
So you can—
So I'm going to preserve a lot of stuff.
I'm not—as an evangelical, I'm not that into the destruction of all humans.
I really just want to torture a few special people.
That's a side effect.
Pacific people.
Most of them are dead, but I'm going to bring them back into the—
An epiphenomenon.
And then mostly my interest is preservation.
All the comic books that I lost, I'm going to get back.

Not just PDFs of them.
I mean the real comic book.
I've got the damn PDFs.
All they do is just make me slobber.
If only I had the paper version.
I think the first thing I'm going to do after I do Dr. Howell's suggestion is I'm going
to make the alphabet match the way I spell.
So that then all of my writings and stuff will be correct.
And everybody else will be like—
Oh, there you go.
Reverse proofreading.
Yeah.
Just restructure the language.
I've been thinking that out.
All you've got to do is go back in time, step on a butterfly.
Go back to the Cretaceous period, step on a butterfly, and when you come back, everything
will be spelled the way you spelled it.
That's an interesting thought, but Dr. Howell, would a butterfly exist in the Cretaceous
period?
I was wondering about that, but actually the latest indication—and it's always been
changing—is yes, because grasses might have started to exist at the very end of the Cretaceous
while the old Mesozoic was still going strong.
But God had just invented flowers around the top.
Yes, God put flowers around, but these were of a sort of a primitive nature, not the highly
evolved magnolia blossoms painted in the famous Rudolf Zellinger mural at Cretaceous.
The Peabody Museum in Yale, you know, life through the ages.
They were more like proto-flowers, but it doesn't take long for things that are on a
good course of evolving to evolve, and so you have the gymnosperms and the angiosperms.
So anyway, they probably had some crude butterflies, something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They had the things before they had the insects to pollinate them, apparently.
I mean, there were lots of spiders.
I'm sorry, I have that wrong.
They had the insects and then they had the things.
Well, you know, think about it.
Maybe it would be—that's why it would destroy time, because it would be like the first butterfly.
And then because you stepped on it, that eliminated that whole food source for the—and it could
be a desolate wasteland if we did that.
Perhaps we should heed and take heed and take caution and maybe—
Slay not the—
No, no, no.

You know, the big lesson is you go back in time to try to fix things—
For the last judgment draweth nigh.
Any time you go back in time to fix something, you break something else.
It always happens.
So you can't get back to your own timeline.
You have to go with this timeline that you created.
The church used to be much bigger until Stang went back in the timeline to fix it, and here we are.
Here's a screenplay that I never wrote but would be a pretty good movie.
Harold and Kumar meet in a—

They meet Hitler.
They go back in time to kill Hitler, but they—he hadn't joined the Nazis yet, and he's just a frustrated artist.
And they go, wait a minute, let's just get a whole bunch of his art and take that back.
It'll be worth millions, you know, in our times.
An original Hitler.
But they make friends with Hitler, the pre-Nazi Hitler, and he's never been laid, and he's never been high, and they get him drunk.
And he's not interested in the Nazis.
The Nazis start, you know, trying to recruit him.
He's like, I'll go away.
Fuck off.
I like these guys.
I like these guys with their pot and their beard.
He was party member number eight.
And so they go back to their own time with all these Hitler paintings, and everybody's going, who's Hitler?
These are mediocre landscape paintings.
Why the hell would we pay for these?
Badly done architectural renderings.
Well, so not only do you humiliate Hitler, but you humiliate Hitler.

Who, however, in this scenario is not guilty, but you prevent the suffering and the terrible war.
I know, but poor Hitler.
Sure, the World War II never happened, and the world is much better, but they can't sell those stupid paintings.
That Adolf Hitler went on to win the Nobel Priests Prize.
From PR News in Washington, I'm decrying the violent political crisis in Nicaragua, saying I'm repressing social protest to launch a nationwide collaboration.
The collaborative will seek data-driven answers on the causes and patterns of PR news.
Scientists will examine characteristics, risk factors, and interventions.
Tonight in Oakland, California, White House economic advisor Larry says don't go to school.
Meanwhile, there are reports of death threats against PR News.
A Houston foundation is giving $2 to launch a study on hot, dry, and windy violence from other philanthropists in Santa Fe, Texas.

The New York Times says it's spreading.
Officials say that may help in the short term, but this is PR News in Washington.
I mentioned this before, but the modern world was created by Annie Oakley.
I told you about this, you know, the famous Little Sure Shot?
Yeah.
She could shoot. She was at Buffalo Bill's Wild West show. She was a great attraction there.
She used to shoot cigarettes out from between her husband's lips backwards with a rifle.
Looking in a mirror. She could always do it.
And one time these visiting Germans insisted, especially this one German princeling, insisted on getting down there and being the guy that she shot the cigarette out from.
He screamed, I insist! And he stamped his boots and so Buffalo Bill said, you know, it's his dime.
And he's down there, he's holding the cigarette, and Annie is somewhat nervous, but she shoots and she makes the shot.
But four inches to the left, she's shooting.
And four inches to the left, there would have been no Kaiser Wilhelm.
Certainly no assassination at Sarajevo, no World War I, no angry Corporal Hitler, no Dachau, Belsen, Hiroshima, any of that.
All because Annie Oakley was such a good shot. She really was. It was instinctive to her.
But sometimes fucking up can be the greatest gift that you can give to the world.
That's how Bob does everything.
Fucking up is how I live my life.
I wasn't going to say anything.
It's a hard path I've chosen, but it's mine.
Yeah, you're welcome to it, Pease.
Yes, the way you walk is thorny, my son.
Well, look at this. I mean, it's succeeding. He's replaced Bob.
The Dobstown Weekly Whiffreader doesn't have a single picture of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It has pictures of Pease.
It has all these hideous pictures of Pease, dozens of them.
Everything's about you these days, Bob.
They put in your picture and mine at the end.
All you do is fuck up.
I know.
It's a claim to fame.
Isn't it awesome? You fall upwards.
He's a good example of a subgenius. Almost Bob-like in his childlike simplistic idiocy.
You may be comforting.
I'm comforted by that thought.
You're too kind.
Until he purges you from the party.
In incompetence and completely shot memory, he's kind of a little bit more Bob-like than most of us.
What were you saying?
There is that. You're entering the fringes of overman territory, the way you've been acting, like Philo.
Yeah, Philo is a lot like that.
Internal transformation that takes place upon oneself.
As you near the rupture time, the landing site is here.
I'm starting to feel the power of the collective nature of the subgenius and getting excited about my pleasure vessel and the sex goddesses.
As Stang has said, it's very important you understand his distinction.
Sex goddess takes on whatever form you like.
You like hamsters?
Sex goddess is a hamster.
On the other hand, they employ a chemical...
Watch two girls making out. I'd rather be two girls making out.
...strong that what you want is what they are.
Even though they may look like a cross between a steel spring mattress and a giant crab or something,
with this chemical attractant, you will frenziedly copulate with these so-called sex goddesses.
And enjoy it.
Nor I __________________
Glamorous kinda wife.
Flashing the cats again
She's calling them fat
She says I gotta feed them less
I can't do that because my furballs are the best, yes
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Grandma lifts my cat, she says it's unbelievable
That I even let him get this big at all
I said it's not my fault, he loves to eat, he loves his treats
And when he's good, I feed him his favorite good old fancy feets
I'm a cat, I'm a cat, I'm a cat, I'm a cat
I'm a cat, I'm a cat, I'm a cat
I'm a cat, I'm a cat, I'm a cat
I'm a cat, I'm a cat, I'm a cat
It's a marvelous invasion of walking catfish yesterday
Well, I couldn't believe that we were all so blessed to have seen this miracle of Bob come about
I was told you were tripping at the time
Well, I stumbled here and there from place to place
But, you know, this is what I want to do in a wet environment
Some of them even wriggled into the house across the carpet and so forth
They are crafty devils
Yeah, well, it's not good for them because
The carpet is not wet with the dews of heaven but is dry
And it's scraping off the mucus layer that generally surrounds and protects them
It brings back memories of the failed church venture of marketing those fish as pets
And it did not work out well and staying had to move
My memory is vague, but I do remember that these same walking catfish created national attention a few years ago
There was some national story
About walking catfish disturbed Floridans and so forth
Yes, it was a walk across America to gather funds for the Lou Gehrig's disease
But they didn't have as many catfish participants as they wanted
So it kind of fizzled out
Philo's daughter was at the X-Day in Wisteria a couple of years ago
And she didn't want to come anywhere near the adults
Because she was afraid she'd see a naked person
She's what a prude
I mean, that was her choice
She also didn't like it when she heard bad language
This is the daughter of a subgenius
This is going to be in the Bulldada auction
A DVD of God's Cartoonist, the movie I was talking about yesterday
Yeah, I did that cover
What? Really?
A documentary by the famous Bruce Banner
It's possible you might even autograph it for someone, isn't it?
I've never met him
And now I'm involved in drawing another one of those
Yeah, I did that cover
And it has, yeah, it's got animated versions of Chick comics brought to life
Of the history of the great man
It's got me making a terrible mistake
I don't know, I hope people think I'm doing it on purpose
Where I mention John 3.16 instead of 3.17
Oh yeah, that really stood out
It did, because that's the Jesus Thumper's favorite Bible verse of all time
John 3.16, for him to say that
He so loved the world he gave his only begotten son
Yeah, yeah
There's a store in West Virginia where everything was priced
Three, either $3.16, $31.60
Jesus Christ
That was the only prices
It didn't last long
From PR News in Washington, I'm not guilty
Ethiopia was set to expire
Ethiopia was beset by a sparking of power
The head of the Roman Catholic Church sent a telegram to the world
Today saying, this is PR News
This don't think button goes very well with this wonderful t-shirt image
Of Bob's pipe smoking Bob's brain
It almost looks like a tree
I saved this one for today, it's my favorite
Emerging from the bowl of Bob's pipe
I think Aspira did this
Beautiful job
Oh yeah, it says subgenius Olympic doping committee
That's my favorite
This is me
See subgenius Olympics, you are not allowed to participate
Unless you're doping of some kind
Okay, we don't want really good athletes
Oh you could just be a dope
Or a dope
Yeah
And by definition, but the dope is such an ugly word
We prefer the term subgenius
There, see I do it every day
Why do you think they call it dope
Every single day
Yeah
Doping committee
We're gonna have our own version
sort of of the
Olympics today, we're going to have the
Olympics. The spectral Olympics.
And there will be a phallic festival
of fun. I saw that
in the schedule.
No, it was the Olympics,
wasn't it? The Olympics.
Well, that's easy.
I should win that one real easily.
I've got so many of them, and pretty much
all of them have gone
limp.
There's one that I can still crank up
if I work at it.
I was thinking, well...
By crank up, I mean pee.
Is it a manual type crank, or is it
like one of those push buttons for your blinds?
Both.
Either one.
Okay, that's handy.
It's based on a garage door opener.
Well, Dear Abby recommends putting
some sort of device in there
that can be activated from a remote
control box.
Lately, one of her columns
that I read, Dear Abby suggested
put a
thing in there.
That you can control with a remote control.
TV remote control box.
An automatic
stiffening device.
It was in her column.
Her serious answer to somebody's
question.
Well, I was thinking something between
an auto suck and a garage door opener.
And a garbage disposal.
Why not both?
All three, yeah.
Why not all three sometimes
comes up? I think the auto suck
combined with the garbage disposal
would be really awesome, but it depends
on which end you put the garbage disposal.
Like if it's first.
Oh yeah, you don't want to screw,
you don't want to do it when you're drunk.
Yeah.
Just what kind of disposal are you?
Stay sober for that type of pleasure.
Yeah.
As if the garbage ever really went away.
It never actually goes away.
That's the illusion.
That you whisk it away.
It's just food for the sea friends.
Uh huh.
That's what the garbage disposal is.
That's what the walking catfish eat.
The algal slime set to cover the earth.
Now is that what makes the coating on them?
Or that's a secretion that they exude?
What's a secretion?
The catfish.
Earlier you were giving a warning that
besides touching them because of the
barbs that there's a mucus.
Yeah, that's an interface
they have between themselves
and the environment.
Dr.
So they, but they can scrape
that mucus off, particularly
when they slither into your house
and are scraping across the carpet
and the floor. You know, you're
gaining no liquid
and you're losing that mucus.
So those fish had to be helped
out by helpful
human xanthia.
I got to be good
friends with several of them before
I cast them back into the pond.
Well that's good. I'm sure
that will count as part of your score.
Like I said, it's my favorite part of X-Day.
I've never encountered a new animal.
I've never encountered before.
Hundreds of them all over the yard.
All I could think of was,
Pee's is tripping. He's going to freak out.
It took a long time to see them.
But then after seeing the first one
we saw hundreds of them.
He was completely immune to it.
He was a regular Ken Kesey.
Mary Prankster's school
of acid overdosing.
And still functioning.
You have to be able to drive
a school bus while tripping
four hits of acid.
You pass the acid test.
Pee's passed that test yesterday.
I'm so proud. I can't wait to tell my mother.
I've passed that test so many times I don't need to take it anymore.
The school bus? Really?
Well a school bus full of hippies.
Not children.
That would be criminal.
That would be irresponsible.
No one cares what happens to you.
I've ended up tripping and driving
but I don't recommend it.
When I was 18 I read
Tom Wolfe's
memorized story of the Mary Pranksters.
The electric Kool-Aid acid test.
And I distinctly remember thinking
man what a cool scene.
I wish I could do something like that.
Well since then
I've actually seen the bus movie.
Kesey sent it to me himself.
And
we so
totally outdid the Mary Pranksters
and Kesey.
We never went as far as having
the Hell's Angels hanging around.
To scare everybody.
And I never had to escape the police
in a helicopter. And I never went to prison.
Because we didn't have
LSD jars of LSD
around. But
we managed to do the big
national freak out thing
better than those guys ever dreamed of.
Of course they didn't have the internet.
They had to use 16mm cameras.
But then so did I
for a long time. Anyway
Kesey was a
subgenius. He actually
wanted to come.
He would have been at the first
convention if I had money for a plane ticket.
Not only that.
First church of the last laugh
also.
I never met Kesey.
But
his buddy Ken is still in touch.
And his son
is selling
Bob Blotter
replicas.
Somebody sent me a link.
Some asshole is selling fake ass
Blotter acid with Bob on it.
I looked at it and was like
Oh that's Ken Kesey's son.
Oh we owe them. That's okay.
He's allowed. I'm not going to bother him.
I should have hit him up for a free copy though.
Yeah.
Yeah boy. Kesey died real suddenly.
Exactly when he was my age.
67 I think.
Everybody thought he was just fine.
It was liver. Some liver thing.
You had a close brush a couple years ago.
The same thing could have happened.
But they rushed you in the helicopter.
Yeah.
I wasn't any.
I was just a mere 90% blockage.
Yeah you'd be fine.
I waited three hours to go to the doctor.
Reading about heart attacks.
Guys I love you so much.
Taking aspirin and drinking beer and thinking listen go away.
I'm going to take a break and let Papa Joe Mama come up here.
And get ready for the rest
of our crazy events that we got planned up.
The Ask Dr. Hal show.
Olympics.
Bobtism.
Oh man how could I forget that.
You've got to get.
I'm going to get Bobtismed again.
Just because I don't like it when Stang touches me.
Are we going to do that in the pool?
I think the pool.
There's an alligator in the damn pond.
We're doing it in the pool.
Well I heard the hot tub.
And I thought that's a dumb idea.
Too small.
That's just going to be a subgenius stew.
As somebody pointed out since all of our funk washes off into that pool water.
When we go home we'll be covered with each other's germs.
Did you say funk or stomp?
I don't know if that's togetherness.
That's gross.
Maybe both.
Keep the PH of that pool balanced.
Stomach turning and endearing at the same time.
There'll be lots of new subgeniuses in nine months.
All from the pool experience.
Well it'll broaden our gene pool.
That too is often a topic.
We've never had the problem that the Amish had.
Dear Abby, could you be impregnated by being in a pool someone had been masturbating in?
They asked Abby that.
And Abby went into it and said that there was a very remote possibility that that could happen.
Now hold on Hal.
People describe me as a good debater.
But a master debater that's taken a little far.
No one is more than momentarily mastered.
Then there's the relaxation and ease.
That would just take me too long.
I used to be able to knock one off in about thirty seconds.
Always coming and going.
Hour and a half.
Always too soon.
Always too soon.
Yeah.
Used to be able to hit the ceiling.
Crumb said he felt he'd been released by some force that made him act like an idiot.
Glad it was gone.
Yeah.
Old man at old age got me.
What you got in there?
He brought some nuts for the nuts.
Yeah there you go.
Soup to nuts.
Well there's some almonds in there.
Some color appropriated raisins.
All sorts of unusual.
The rural rednecks of Texas seem to think that California is just a bunch of silly antifa libtards burning all their cities down.
They don't seem to understand that most of California is actually farmland full of conservative rednecks.
Absolutely.
And fruits and nuts.
It is a land of fruits and nuts.
The human ones live in the big cities.
But the countryside is regular edible fruits and nuts.
And they're really good.
And I've never understood why these rural Texans hate California so much.
Well that goes for the rest of the country.
They say California starts a trend and then the country follows it.
So what's in California now will be universal soon.
And much sooner than it used to be.
You being in the religious biz though.
I mean any good religion person should know that
it's not about the money.
It's about loving your own religion.
That brings people together.
It's hating the other religions.
Right.
The dream of everyone else going to hell.
The same thing happens with politics.
You gotta hate the other side.
That's what brings all of your side together.
Right.
That's all it is now.
Nobody can say anything good about their own side.
They can only say
infinite bad lies about the other side.
I'm still waiting for the
Biden's the best president ever bumper sticker.
It's out there somewhere I'm sure.
But we're still getting the we hate Trump stickers.
And of course when Trump was president
Obama was his turn in the barrel.
Everybody hates the other guy.
When Trump is reinstated in August you mean?
Lock them all up.
Lock them all up.
Lock them all up.
Lock us up.
Lock us up.
I love all these free thinkers
who all wear the same red hat
calling other people sheeple.
I just love that.
Well you dress as a form of tribal identification.
I had a cave
cave
tribalism.
Sickening.
I had a philosophy teacher once fielded that question.
They said, Professor McCown
why is it that everybody else
other than like philosophy majors
they all want to think and act the same way.
And he said, well
I'm looking out at my class here today
and I'm noticing you're all wearing blue jeans.
Do you mean like that?
Yeah well you see
it's a convergence of forces
and one of them is
convenience because
if you just dress like
everybody else then you don't have to spend time
thinking about it or worrying about it.
So you are free
to do other things.
You're not occupied with something
that is trivial.
The Brendelfly school of
clothing fashion
just wear the same suit every day.
We got that idea from Einstein. He said
essentially
do pretty much the same thing.
I just don't even think about it.
I'm not fabric oriented and
don't give a shit
what other people think about
how I look.
That would never have worked for me.
There was never any point
if only I looked a little more slick
then wait a minute
what am I talking about?
Well it's a slippery slope. If you start caring about the way you look
the next thing you're going to worry about is
the way that other people perceive your thoughts.
It can be more motivated by
the way you don't want to look.
So that ends up determining
how you look.
Defiance.
The central ingredient to subgeniousness.
Says the guy
wearing the SS uniform
hat but with a
Dobbs head stuck on top.
This isn't SS this is actually a
communist hat. Is it?
Papa Joe was Stalin.
But you know I don't want to
put down, I mean after all
the Nazis did come in second place.
But first place actually goes to
Mao Zedong.
And then I guess it depends on where
you draw the lines but
Papa Joe Stalin did come in
a close second and Hitler third.
Did you ever read the
last Doc Savage
novel ever written but not published
where Doc and his
men go into Stalinist Russia
for an operation? No.
I thought the last Doc
Savage novel he went, he actually
started down to hell.
Up from Earth's center.
It's the last one because he gets killed.
And he ran into something that terrified
even him. Yes. But there was
another one after that?
It's called The Red
Spider. Wow.
Did it get reprinted somehow?
I have it with me.
I'm going to put it in the Bulldog auction.
He keeps it with him
at all times. I got dibs on that one.
Oh really? Why bother
putting it into auction?
Someone recently sent me
a collection of
every Doc Savage
comic book. Oh yes.
They had Street and Smith
published them. I didn't know how many times
it had been attempted. There were like 20 different
versions. It was, there was
a slight difference about it.
He had to wear this hood with a special
jewel in it that gave
him his powers. Do you remember that?
No.
That he got from an old
priestly llama like person.
I don't know.
In the comic. He wore
high boots and pants, no shirt,
and this hood with the jewel
on it. And if you
weren't totally pure
and a super being like Doc Savage
it would kill you to put it on.
But Clark Savage Jr.
put it on. And that's
the way it was in the comic book. Not
in the pulp
magazines.
So he survived. He was worthy.
Worthy of the jewel. He perfected
himself. That was his idea.
Like Batman,
Doc Savage just started
out as an ordinary person who trained
himself with
exercises and mental exercises
and acrobatics
and chemistry and science and
ballistics.
Batman owes Doc Savage an
explanation for sure.
Well my favorite. The utility belt and all
that stuff. Doc Savage had all
that. And he didn't need a mask.
He had a fortress of solitude
before Superman did. That's where
Superman got that idea.
The Arctic retreat where he goes
and meditates in the snow
in his speedos or something.
Well think about it. Clark Kent,
both Clark Kent and Bruce Wayne
would have been the right age to have been reading
Doc Savage pulp novels. That's true.
When they were coming out
in the early 30's.
Yeah well it was the same thing when
They came out in the 1980's.
Sorry to announce but I think




to The Bollywood
Games and video games
recently.
Please don't throw your trash in my yard
Holding on to your empty soul
Can't possibly be that hard again
I'm impatient as well
But I'd rather wait a second
If you'd be here by me in a while
These kids are pretty quick on their feet
So you're looking for some trouble
When you're going nearly 60 down my street
настроemcantstars.com

Get out the dirty videos
Fast drink
Nut butter
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Well, I always keep my cylinder of anti-shark repellent in my pants.
It's actually a real turn-on to the women.
I don't know why, but...
Anti-shark repellent?
Yeah, anti-shark repellent.
It scares the sharks away from being scared away.
Huh.
And it draws women in.
Yeah, they like the circling me all the time.
That stuff usually works,
but all the anecdotes say that then there's one shark that doesn't give a damn.
There's always one who doesn't get the memo.
Well, my favorite of those comic book characters would have been the mystery men.
It would have been the Blue Raja.
The guy that throws forks?
Well, why don't you throw knives?
The Blue Raja can't throw knives.
How about Bouncing Boy?
He wasn't in Mystery Man.
No, he wasn't in Mystery Man.
I mean, he was in DC Comics, actually.
He was at Doc Stock 1.
Bouncing Boy was there.
You can hear him on the tapes.
Oh, really?
Yeah, he'd suck on the...
We had a giant tank of church air,
and you'd hear this...
I'm Bouncing Boy!
I'm Bouncing Boy!
It was him.
You could tell by the voice.
It had to be Bouncing Boy.
His power was to be kind of like an inflatable balloon
and bounce off the walls and ceiling,
but he was exceptionally vulnerable to bullet wounds, as I remember.
It was Jay Cotton who could turn into Bouncing Boy,
also known as Jay Condom.
How is Jay Condom?
Has anyone ever heard of him?
He's a hateful old right-wing crank in a nursing home.
I heard he'd taken a turn for the worse.
Yeah.
He went the other way.
Well, he created the sex monks, right?
The bunk version of the chipmunks?
The nurses love his nice people.
They like the right-wing crazy guys.
Good for the nurses there.
I had a friend who nursed Johnny Weissmuller
in the Hollywood old folks' home,
and she said he was an ass-grabbing hound dog to the bitter end,
and he would burst out with that Tarzan yell.
He could still do it.
Age 80.
Oh!
Only he could do it.
Yeah.
And all future Tarzans just used that recorded,
because they couldn't do it either.
That was filmed down in...
But he was still charming the ladies with that,
slapping their butts from his wheelchair.
That was all filmed down in Wakulla Springs,
just outside Tallahassee,
where Creature of the Black Lagoon was filmed.
Uh-huh.
You still hear the echoes of the yodeling.
Are you familiar with Doris Wishman's...
I heard.

I heard.
I think you were talking about them yesterday.
I thought that maybe one of them,
Nude on the Moon,
was filmed here,
when I came in and saw the wall,
which looks just like the same wall
in that nudist movie she made.
Have you ever seen that one?
No, I haven't.
It's just absurd.
Two astronauts land on the moon,
and they come to the wall,
and they climb up and look inside,
and it's a nudist camp with women with...
the bobbly antennas, you know,
lounging around by the pool and so forth.
Oh, we should ask Cynthia's dad.
They should know.
They might know,
because, you know, it's such an absurd movie.
It's like cultish, goofy movie.
Unless it was filmed like a clandestine camera.
I know it was filmed in Florida.
Also, her movie, her nudist classic,
Hideout in the Sun,
where these two gangsters commit a daring robbery,
and then they decide,
the perfect place to hide,
nudist colony.
They'll never recognize us here.
Nobody likes to look at those guys.
We'll just be one of them.
I'm gonna carry my rod, see?
So one of them acclimatizes to the nudist colony
with the comely captive that they bring along.
The other one is a suspicious criminal
prowling with his gun out inside the house
and cursing the nudists.
I have the two-disc set on DVD.
You said you also have Dinosaur Valley Girls?
I think I have that on VHS somewhere.
Supposedly, part of that was filmed in Glen Rose.
Well, there's an attempt to do some creditable
stop-motion dinosaur effects,
but of course those things are hard to do
gracefully and symmetrically.
I've wondered if maybe they used the
Dinosaur Valley State Park
for Dinosaur Valley Girls,
if only for the title sequence.
Well...
They've got a free sign there.
It says Dinosaur Valley Park.
...have the so-called scream queen starlets of the time
in cave girl drag,
and then these oafs with beards
grunting with clubs and so on,
all very stereotypically,
in sequences which go on far too long.
But it's an oddity.
That's the sort of thing we should be showing
for Oddball Movie Night.
And so on.
Now do you have it on DVD or...
The same things tend to be shown over and over.
Is that a VHS copy or a DVD copy?
I believe it's a VHS copy
that the late Pedro recorded for me.
Just for those in the know,
Hal's room is essential visiting grounds
if you're a bit of a hoarder like myself.
I made sure that my wife...
It's not hoarding, I just don't have enough room
for the stuff.
...readjust what her definition of cluttered is.
No.
Um...
Some sacrifices are worth making.
And that's why he also gets a little bit
exacerbated if you send him something he already has.
Because it's like, I...
This is just what I need.
We'll continue this nostalgic nerd out another time.
Thanks to Reverend Pease, Papa Joe Mama, and Dr. Hal.
And thanks to Rubik's Pube
for all of the songs in this show.
And thanks to Leemur for the titles and PR news.
You can find everything about everything at subgenius.com,
including how to become an actual minister
in the Church of the Subgenius.
To end the show, let's go to another album by Rubik's Pube,
the album Bob Comp I, also easily found on bandcamp.com,
as are, for that matter, a dozen Subgenius official music compilation albums
spanning decades.
But now, Rubik's Pube.
Yetism in a young female
includes enlargement of the feet and shoulders
and of course the third nostril.
Spaghettification and reversion.
Hair!
Isolating yourself from them.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Shapeshifting, pre-gifting, bestiality, insanity, defying gravity,
exposing yourself, unfortunately, to the underlying primal hierarchy
and not giving a Bob damn fuck.
You can find the full album in the description box.








Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Rababababababababababo
Fio
Rabababababababababo
Fio
Rababababababababo
Fio
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
