Let your hands on the radio, let your hands on the radio band home!
74. What?
Is the year that they are now planning for sex on the street in every major city from coast to coast.
And now prepare to suffer indescribable torture.
Another Bob Hope special?
Worse!
Beyond these doors is an agony worse than all others.
You will remain in here for eternity listening to...
The Soul Genius Hour.
The Soul Genius Hour.
Bye!
The Soul Genius Hour.
The Soul Genius Hour.
And the Rose Nip Bubble people took him in to their own loins, didn't they?
Or was it more like a pork factory?
Come on, we're going to be doing a big revival this weekend.
That's right.
That's right.
Saturday night.
Talk about walking on the wild side.
I don't have to worry about talking about things.
I want to see that audience walk on the wild side.
How wild can we get?
We're up on a stage, right?
They're going to let you down.
Whatever we do is going to be kind of fake just because of that.
But what you do in the audience, well, that's real, baby.
I'm afraid you guys, you know, you can give them your esophagus, your pork loins, your infested eyeballs.
You can give them everything you've got, and they're still going to sit there with one hand folded under their rump
and the other one waving at some person they know at the other side of the bike.
Yes, dear friends, it's rerun time, and tonight is Hour of Slack number 786 from March 2001.
It's never been rerun since then.
And it's a really classic one from the period in the late 90s and early 2000s
when Princess Wee and I were working every week with the late, great Professor Chaz Smith
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave on Chaz's ESO Swamp radio show on WCSB in Cleveland.
And we were doing a lot of live shows at the Euclid Tavern with their band, Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
which also had Bob Mozek on drums.
And Michelle George on electric violin.
And at this one, John Petkovic on lead guitar.
And so, let her rip.
There's only one political solution.
An offering. I love offering, friends.
Bob Lovett, a cheerful giver.
Let's see what's in this.
We talked about Wagner's
Special Outbreak.
You're going to love it.
It's in the mail.
Oh, look, that's before we forget.
And as the smoke from this five dollar bill rises up to heaven, the aliens know that there's still something down here worth saving.
That's great, it starts with a handshake. Exits UFO's outer space. J.R. Dobbs is not afraid.
He is the eye of a hurricane, watch your money burn. Pinks serve their own needs, yet he's every own needs.
Feeding on a purse with work-age strength. End times are close at hand. Uberwoman, Oberman.
Liar in a fire representing all we hate. With a government for hire and a combat site.
The best is left of genie in a hurry with a con breathing down their neck.
Group by group, normals falsified, full of farts. Look at that love playing, fine then.
Uh oh, oh no, population they don't know. Save yourself, serve yourself. Pinks serve their own need, yet he's every own need.
Time to plunge your own seat, yet he with the rupture and the rubber and the fright.
Super slap maniac, slam fight fright.
Boy feeling pretty psyched.
It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it.
Ball feels fine.
July 5th, next day, plunger ships are on their way. Quit your job, keep your slack. Jared Osgood, you're back. Hail Connie, hail Bob. On your knees, how bright to slap.
Give it up, give it in. Find yourself your Yeti kit. New religion, radio, hell, pope, gonna blow. Pay to find out what you know. Pass the pipe, take a check. I'm telling you this is my trail.
Spear, see, steer clear. A turn I'm in, a turn I'm in, a turn I'm in, a lie. Offer me solutions and you offer me alternatives and I decline.
It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it. It's the end of the world as we know it.
Ball feels fine.
It's the end of the world
It's the end of the world
It's the end...
The end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it
And Bob feels fine
The other and other turn to Mars
Immortals living behind bars
Yeti driving fast cars
Bang! Reverend Ivan stank
Jesus Christ and Princess Wee
Smoking for Robin, so do we
Reverend Susie, such a floozy
Dr. Pesoff stank
And one more time, I know you can
Antif suppressed by Reverend Gio
The end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it
And Bob feels fine
The end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it, and Bob feels fine.
It's the end of the world as we know it, and Bob feels fine.
It's the end of the world as we know it, and Bob feels fine.
Bob and Helen did that live, actually, at the Euclid Tavern DeBible here in Cleveland on May 12th,
from which we brought home many excellent recordings, especially of Einstein's Secret Orchestra, friends.
So this is going to be an ESO and Saint and Helen Handbasket show.
And wait until you hear the song I'll play later, the Ultimate Bobby song.
Friends, if you need more information about...
about Saint and CDs and so forth, check out the website of Ministry of Truth.
That's minitrue.org, spelled M-I-N-I-T-R-U, no E, minitrue.org, friends.
But now, back to that actual DeBible.
In progress, friends.
Imagine the huge carved pulpit made by Ed Strange and the giant Dobbs head painted,
by Jesus, and the... the strange odours of the spice in the air.
Ah, yes, back to that actual DeBible.
In progress now.
There were times when I thought, hey,
when I wondered if maybe the bands in some genius DeBibles
were the kind that only I liked.
But the Free Times had a music poll
that where everybody in Cleveland could vote on what they thought the best bands were.
And you know who the best...
God damn it!
The most instrumental electronic band in the world won in all of Cleveland
is Einstein's Secret Dove Stand of Orgasm!
Einstein's Secret Dove Stand of Orgasm!
Thank you all!
Help me!
Help me!

Lost in the dumpsters of life
One damn thing is for sure tonight
My dog is gonna do you right
We only wanna fuck you
You broke against my head
But what's lovely in you
Is your pride
Please don't try to introduce yourself
I already know your name
I've been following you since junior high
Some people think this is a fucking game
Please don't try to understand
Your mind is much too late
These never-ending slayings coming along
Please don't try to introduce yourself
I already know your name
What's the fuck with your brain?
Please meet you at the edge of my life
But what's troubling you is the nature of my life
Who's good at that?
Good or bad?
I didn't know you have any
What's the problem?
Even with manly вucking
I've got it made up
I don't fall for dumb shit


If I pay five like a con.
I don't know.

Honey!
I came a long way


Fine calling up for a date


I'm up for two


Alright then

Thanks
I love nothing but you
It doesn't benefit me

You know no ma'am
I had a much longer relationship


Ready, set, go
Miss, can you see what she wants
I didn't fucking know
Good to be true, hope you can guess my name
But what's troubling you is the nature of my name
Oh yes it is, oh yes it is
Oh yes it is, oh yes it is
Harold E.
Now from Cleveland Heights, Ohio
Finally from Parks on Dome
It is on his planet
Ladies and gentlemen, give him a little sympathy
He's got to give a little sympathy
Show him respect
Ladies and gentlemen
Oh round, the memory, I will say
We run anymore
It's too much
We're gonna get through
It's too much
We run
We run

We run
We run
It's too much
It's too much
Hey!
He's gonna shine, oh yes my love, his name is Reverend Adam Strang.
Puppet's Puppet is the nature of the game.
Puppet's Puppet is the nature of the game.
Puppet's Puppet is the nature of the game.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra!
We'll be back with a whole set of music for you right after this man is done filling your head with evil thoughts.
Listen, feel, with no spiritual foundation.
I've got a secret I feel compelled to.
Come out and tell me.
Dave, what do you have to tell him?
I'm so sorry for the last seven months.
I know things haven't been good with King Rupert in charge of the material universe and all the punishment.
It's time to tell him, Dave.
You mean about me actually being Satan?
After all these years, tonight's the night.
I'm gonna come out of the closet tonight.
I'm a celibate heterosexual.
Oh, I thought you were gonna say you were Satan and I was surprised at that.
Oh, you thought?
No, I didn't think you were Satan.
I thought you were like the least likely suspect for Satanism of anybody I could think of.
You mean not Satanism.
You'd be a crappy Satan.
Satanhood.
You wouldn't be a very good Satanist or a very good Satan.
By whose standards, Sting?
Well, by the standards of any cruel, hate-filled...
Of any Christian, right-minded, right-thinking individual with a pair of blue pants and a pair of buttocks that stick out as far as...
That's true.
Maybe from their point of view, Satan is an evil being.
But whereas, actually, Lucifer, the bringer of light, might be looked at as the...
The pitiful fool who had his liver eaten out like Prometheus.
Well, the idiot.
The light bringer.
Who gave the monkeys the instruction book and...
Look what happened.
No, I'm not Satan.
I don't know where that was going, but it didn't go very far.
I hope not, anyway.
You know, because that would be terrible, wouldn't it?
If you woke up and you thought you were the least likely candidate.
Yeah.
Chaz is considering the idea right now.
He thought he was the least likely candidate, but he's wondering, hmm...
I can see how Chaz could be Satan.
A form of Satan.
Yeah, some kind of a Satan, because he's a rock and roll...
No, it's because you're...
You're hallucinating the back...
The star on the back of his shirt.
I've been to the crossroads.
Yeah, he's been to the crossroads.
Oh, you made your deal, huh?
He jumps around in rock and roll shows.
I want nimble fingers, Lord Satan.
I want nimble fingers and a throat like Elvis and Arthur Morrison.
Yes, and I want...
And I want a brain that's much bigger than the brain I have right now.
I want a 356-pound brain.
A pound for each day of the week.
I hear you.
I hear you.
But, you know, Dave, no...
No.
No offense, but even after hearing you sing Sympathy for the Devil, I still...
You kind of wanted to go to a convent or a cloister or something and be by yourself and contemplate the Lord.
I didn't feel real delivered by Satan.
I didn't feel satanic.
I didn't feel, you know, it's like, yeah, I already know your name.
I thought you felt like old schmuck Jehovah One was still in charge, and you were disappointed...
Yeah.
...that Chaz and I could not raise the devil that night.
Yeah, I was hoping for a change, man.
Like we tried at the crossroads.
It's just been Bob and Jehovah One and Jesus and all them.
The spirit of Robert Johnson did take over Johnny for a short while there during the lead solo of the song.
You think so?
I think that he probably felt like...
He was funky.
He did a great job, I must say.
I was very impressed.
Both Sympathy for the Devil and Bang-a-Gong, Petkovic did a great job.
Especially for a man who, you know, spends much...
The whole band did, dressing like a woman.
Michelle's solos were kicking butt.
Yeah, yeah.
Everything was kicking butt.
Except Dave's butt and my foot.
My foot wasn't kicking.
Dave's butt was not being kicked.
My foot was coming out of your butt in the form of a little notchy goose step.
Right.
Dave's butt was kind of more like almost kicking my feet.
It was just one of those back-ass words things.
The Peckerwoods used to gather down by the river there.
Yeah.
Start a little fire.
Drink some Jack Daniels.
And they shaved their legs.
One by one, each and every one of them.
Each and every man would take out first a left calf and then shave it as smooth as a baby's ass.
Then the right one.
But they do the knees last.
They do the knees very last.
Because that was the erotic part.
And then their brand new militia suits.
Their beautiful camo jackets and their PX-7 Supers 349s and guns.
Oh, I can't remember those catalog numbers.
I just know they looked real good.
The guns.
Man.
Man.
I had a gun gas.
Greasy.
It got blue and steely.
The red, white, and blue of somebody's idea of it.
Steely-eyed.
The rocket man.
The blue steel.
That's what got you going, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Steely-eyed rocket man.
And the grease on the blue.
The gun down the barrel.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
The gun grease.
Better hurry up, Abner.
Sweep a little faster.
Mr. Dobbs will be here any minute now.
Doggy's llama have already swept the store out twice this morning.
Ain't nothing more to sweep out.
Well, we want the place to look nice and clean for Mr. Dobbs.
Want to make a good impression on him.
Yeah, I know.
Hurry up and get that done, then put a couple more chairs around the table in the library there.
Chairs?
What do you want them for?
It shows we can all sit around the table and have a regular business meeting.
Oh.
Board of director stuff.
Uh-huh.
Then I'm going to run this.
That's right.
And show Mr. Dobbs I'm a big executive and all that stuff.
Well.
Uh, Mouse here, you done drawing the drawings?
Yes, sir.
The plans are all ready to show Mr. Dobbs, Lon.
Well, good.
Hurry up, Abner.
Get them chairs put around.
I'm getting to it.
Doggy's, I don't see why we got to make such a fuss over this Mr. Dobbs fella.
Abner, don't you understand?
He's a big, famous building contractor, and he's donating his services just to help us
build a wonderful world of park men.
So the least we can do is to be nice to him.
Operate with him.
I say put that big chair at the end there.
That's where I'll sit.
Uh-huh.
Lon, you sure that this just ain't some trick or squire to get that $10,000 away from us?
Of course not.
That's ridiculous.
You're just suspicious, Abner.
I am.
This Dobbs wouldn't get himself mixed up in some such a scheme as that.
Well, I hope not.
Don't forget, he's a rich retard fella.
Well, he built the Empire State Building.
Don't forget that.
Yeah, but.
I've been thinking about what Squire said about us having to turn the money over to Mr. Dobbs.
That don't sound exactly right to me.
Well, let's just use your business custom, Abner.
Yes, huh?
Now, don't forget, Abner.
I want both you and Mousy to try to act dignified.
Sort of keep an eye on Mr. Dobbs and try to be like him.
Ah, well, don't worry.
Mind out, mind out.
Here they come.
Well, howdy, Squire.
Come on in.
Yes, yes.
Thank you.
Gentlemen, gentlemen.
Well, I want you to meet.
My good friend and old school chum.
Gregory W. W. Dobbs.
Uh, Mr. Dobbs, this is Mr. Edwards here.
Howdy do, Mr. Dobbs.
Well, well.
Glad to know you.
Glad to know you.
Glad to know you.
And, uh, this is Mr. Peabody.
Yeah, Peabody.
Glad to know you.
Howdy, Mr. Dobbs.
Oh, yes.
Now, and this is.
Who is this fair young cop coming to the house of Pharaoh?
He's a mobster.
Uh, Mr. Dobbs.
Yes, I know.

Hi, my name's Greg.

Help, help, help.
Is the best you could.

You can live if you keep.

Howdy doggies.
Howdy doggies.
Howdy doggies.
Howdy,ienza.

So we take them in order.
Y'all have got a stay?
I'm the God of Hellfire.
I got a ball fire.
Deep 13 by Lamprey Systems.
Actually, that's excerpts from Deep 13.
Lamprey Systems posted that on alt.binaries.slack.
And in fact, this background music is also by Lamprey Systems.
Their previous CD, Electroshock Treatment.
And friends, we heard, of course, some WCSB Cleveland ESO Swamp Radio live with yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
producer.
And show commander Chaz and lonesome cowboy Dave.
In fact, let's hear their band live, dear friends.
Live at the Euclid Tavern, the Bible.
Some people believe that sex, sex, sex can kill the dog.
They know better, better things can kill the dog.
Than a bumping, jumping table or a slamming bed.
And strange noises at 3 o'clock in the Eurethra.
It's time for mom and dad to come back home.
And make me people's money and show them that which is the way it always did.
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!




Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!














Aaaaa bowls, sister of the allbabata all of them will kiss you.
Aaaaa, oo.


...
Anyway, a PixieSO, indispensable for peoples and what they need Japnese Ramshackle



I don't deserve to die
I don't deserve this for use
So please just stay your way
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're going to play too wild
I'm standing in white light
I had no clue to see me through
So please just stay your way
Just stay for now
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
Music
Music
Music
Music Yes, Dr. Paul,
I'm asking
Now I'm on a baby's in heaven and earth
Singing I am the boss
Music
I was working in a graveyard
Should've played one Sunday night
Keeping a close eye on the back beat
Making sure everything was uptight
Music
I was keeping a close eye on the 409
Making sure those trains never ran on time
Looked off in the distance and what did I see?
Looked like one solitary headlight coming after me
To take me away
One solitary headlight coming to take me away
oh
To take me away
Yeah
Come and take me away
Yeah
Come and take me away
Come and take me away

We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield
We're gonna break our shield

We're gonna break our shield
Oh great angel, you don't know
The hand that holds you up is the hand that holds you down
Holds you down
The hand that lifts you is the hand that holds you
What can a babe like you?
Holds you down
Into Bob's eyes
Make them see the way the pipe hovers just outside the deep
Make them look and they will see
They will finally see
See
He got the hope
He got the hope
He got the hope




Bring it back that old bee book rap
Bring it back that
One night while I was lying
Looking at the sky
I thought of this a genius
Is it all a lie?
I thought of all the books
Etc.
I thought of Arnold Palmer and his bleeding head
I thought of all my brethren and France that they'd shared
I thought of all these things and wondered if I cared
I pondered for a while, I pondered through the night
By the next morning I decided they were right
We got France elections in a white array
J'ai des bonbons pour vous manger
Ring you the news cause I'm contrary might
Use a microphone like Shazam, use tight
Your body people scream, free PC, free
Cause I got a remote for my big damn
Ring you the news cause I'm contrary might
I felt so relieved, it really was a rush
I am so happy that I'm a subgenius
Tired of playing normal and following the herd
I awoke the next day to go and spread the word
The people that I talked to
They were all so nice
They acted all afraid
They won't even listen
Unless they're getting paid
I really do hate them
These things of which I speak
They pointed and they laughed
They said I was a freak
Freak, freak, freak, freak, freak, freak
This is odd, so socialize
Open up your ears and clean out your eyes
Who in the world do you want to fight?
It's against the system we should unite
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
Now I sit here thinking of everything I've said
I really am a Bobby, my face is turning red
I thought I was finished, I wondered what to do
Ready to give it up, I didn't have a clue
Then it all came to me, I really should have known
There are so many like me, I'm really not alone
I found others like me, I'm really not alone
With whom I could converse
One day the subgenius will rule this universe
Freak, freak, freak, freak, freak, freak
Yes I am a Bobby, I don't care if it's true
Yes I am a Bobby, there's nothing you can do
I don't care if you like me, it means nothing to me
Bobbies are here to stay and someday you will see
I've spent my thirty bucks, I've got my minister's card
I'm a dupe-paid member and it wasn't all that hard
I'll start my own ministry and it will be the first
Bobbies are not so bad, we really are not cursed
Subgenius, subgenius, subgenius, subgenius
So now you know my story, there's nothing I've left out
I've tried to tell the truth of what it's all about
Yes I am a Bobby, and proud to say it's so
Yes I am a Bobby and a slack-filled dynamo
I am a true yeti, and yes it makes me proud
I am a subgenius and I'll say it out loud
I don't care much for paint and the things that they say
The church of the subgenius will soon have its day
I'm a tabernacle, I'm a tabernacle
I'm a little shoeshine, was a little shoeshine
Was a little shoeshine, was a little shoeshine
Was a little shoeshine, was a little shoeshine
Back in the middle of the night
I ran the shoeshine stand
Every day he'd run to the tree And walked up from the busy street
The shepherd said a word That everybody heard
There was something in his face Loneliness could not erase
Wonderful Easter, wonderful Israel He drank his morning coffee
He liked the trip along the river
And walked up from his gym
He read his eyes, met mine He gave up, it was right
He came with an iron and charred two And then he whispered
I'm home, Charles, it's 1920, we all are the same
I hate you!
Oh, that's a good question. Why don't I answer it for you?
One, two, three, four!
How did you know? How did you know? How did you know? How did you know?
Once I had my son next I let him starve to death
It was a funny little monkey And a big white Easter bunny
And up then, with a weary head, I said,
That little Edward Horne
Ice


Oh, my God, it's a snowman
Oh, it's a beauty


I'm still butt naked
Very hot
I'm too warm
Anywhere near the moon
Of adults and neighbors
Dancing together for one night
I drag my monkey all around
I drag my monkey all around
I drag my monkey all around
I drag my monkey all around
I drag my monkey all around
I am so goddamn glad to be a weirdo!
I am so fucking thankful to the slack of Bob Nobs and the retardation of my poor overmind
that I am a scruffy, unkempt, funny-looking, always a bad hair day, out of fashion, jalopy-driving weirdo!
Can you subgeniuses realize how lucky we are?
How rich we are to truly not care if we look rich!
We are so rich, we don't care if we look rich.
To not actually give that much of a shit how we look, that is riches, my friends.
Imagine having to go to all the trouble these normals do just to feel valid.
All the skin treatments, the expensive clothing brands,
all the skin treatments, the expensive clothing brands,
expensive cars, and all those gizmos with lights all over them
that make it easier for their boss to control them.
Look, you can get email from your boss while you're at the beach.
Art, look how free you are!
You're so free that you can get a call from the boss while you're out on the fucking golf course.
Friends, just trying to keep up with what's cool alone
is enough to drive people mad!
And I guess the pink is a lot harder to drive mad because there's so much more numb.
Well friends, I'd rather be dumb than numb any day, to paraphrase Bob.
I am living proof that you can be an utter failure and a complete dumbass in the pink world
and still be way better off than any of them!
Praise fucking Bob!
Because I'm rich in slack! Slack! Deep slack!
Now friends, I've got more kinds of Bob t-shirts than anybody else in the world,
but that's not why I'm rich in slack.
I've got the sexiest space princess known in all the galaxies of Tarnasia
for a girlfriend and fiance.
That's enough slack to kill ten elephants and last a man a lifetime.
But that's not the kind of slack I'm talking about.
The kind of slack I mean is the slack of really not caring if I'm not famous,
not rich, not cool, not powerful, and not a GQ kind of guy in any way, shape, or form.
Now friends, maybe I had to go through the chasing the gold ring
and finally given up on those things of false slack in order to finally be able to
distinguish the non-things that bring me real slack.
And the real slack is the slack of not being able to produce the hour of slack,
but the slack of being able to appreciate what's played on the hour of slack radio show.
The slack of being able to appreciate, period.
That is where the slack comes in.
The slack of glimpsing.
Occasionally, how fucking incredible even the most mundane,
poverty-stricken, subgenius life is.
Every minute that you've got a full belly and enough sleep.
Friends, I guess in short you could call it the slack of finally being in a good mood for a change.
Now there's a long stretch there where, like many of you, I was not in that good of a mood.
But, um...
But things change.
You know, if you're in a bag, if you're in a bag, move!
You know, if you're tied up, move!
Get the fuck out, you know?
Repent! Quit your job and slack off!
The worst thing that can happen is you might get a better job.
But friends, goddammit, I must say, right here in front of everybody,
the Yagatisma could come tomorrow and kill me and I'd have no regrets,
aside from missing out on you.
I'm not gonna miss out on the next day in eternal life
because I got to see the Eiffel Tower,
the Mardi Gras,
the Jimi Hendrix concert,
five X-days,
the Burning Man in Starwood,
and friends, my cup runneth over, goddammit!
Or, maybe it's even simpler than that, my friend.
Maybe it's just that I finally, finally, finally
got over the feeling that I would never ever have a girlfriend.
Which is kind of weird because I've had a girlfriend of some kind since I was 19.
But I think even those of you who have a boyfriend or girlfriend
or whatever person of the desired sex or creature,
you still know what I mean, I bet.
Because, uh, well,
even if it's basically hallucinatory,
it's an all too common feeling among subgeniuses, loneliness is.
Uh, it's real hard to shake.
And it's not just funny looking little guys,
or, like me, or fat ugly guys or whatever,
weird looking girls,
because I know lots of the popular, cool,
studly looking subgeniuses, beautiful subgeniuses,
that feel the same way, that feel alone,
in the world, and get depressed,
and get really, really,
you know, they're still looking for love, friends,
or at least a dependable fuck toy,
at least that.
But it's hard to find.
But friends, I am here to tell you,
to remind you, in a pep talk,
which is all any good religion is,
to hang in there, goddammit.
You will score on X day, no matter what.
You understand that as a news-paying subgenius.
But who knows?
While waiting for X day,
heck, maybe you'll just score anyway, after all.
Once again, friends, I can't stress this enough.
Don't kill yourself.
Let Bob do it for you.
Never try to second guess old matchmaker Connie.
Matchmaker Connie, friends,
and when, you know, because the hand
that Dame Connie finally deals you,
just might be the one you least expected,
or it might be the one you most expected.
You don't know.
You don't know the future.
And I'm afraid old Bob here
might not know the future,
either look at it.
Actually, friends, here's another confession
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to make.
And it may be reassuring to some of you.
Some of you have been saying,
I'm not sure if there is a Bob.
Because I came to F.E. Bob when I saw Bob.
And all he did was fitfully try to hump this stuffed monkey.
In fact, I don't know if he's even real.
He looks like he might be dead,
or not even a real person.
Friends, I'm gonna admit it to you.
That's not really Bob.
I know a lot of you were excited about being
in the same room with Bob Dobsman.
That's not really him.
I'm afraid the real Bob is a lot healthier,
a little bit older, taller,
and way too goddamn busy to be
hooking around with the likes of us, I'll tell you.
He's probably partying with Bill Gates.
He's probably the hobo with the most slack in the world or something.
Ah, the scrotal guy.
What's the name, the scrotal twins?
Or whatever their name is?
Oh, the back thunder.
That's what they often call it in Psychic Phenomena.
Back thunder, the pyroflatulator.
No, that means that the time's ellipses are kind of like melting away.
They're refracturing into each other.
That means that tomorrow may actually be...
The time intersection.
Right, tomorrow may actually be today.
The time intersection.
And so it was prophesied in the precepts.
So it was.
Could it be tomorrow?
Are you ready?
Could it be Saturday night?
Are you ready?
That purple orchid monitor.
Emperor Stingy took out his wallet
and decided to end it or begin it all.
Sure, it could just be another stupid subgenius revival.
Or it could be the time intersection.
Or it could be a bunch of puteras with a hair all full.
Full of like these weird little jelly beans and things like that.
The potato man and the thumb people will come together.
Some of them are Charlotte and Bob.
For Bob.
A cacophony of beautiful lives.
Hey, you know what?
Dances with Rockets music is being played now, right this very minute at the Cannes Film Festival.
What?
Who is?
Jackie Schnakel is in this?
This music right here.
This exact stuff right here.
Dances with Rockets squirt music?
Yeah.
Spread my word.
Now they're using this at the Cannes Film Festival?
This is being used at the Cannes Film Festival as we speak.
How come you never told anybody this?
I don't know.
Well, what, why?
How did you get it on your mouth?
Because it's sound tracking for, we are being played Mojo World film.
Cannes.
Or an animation of Mojo World is being shown on the.
The very, very large plasma screen that's outdoors.
Great.
And it's getting some showing indoors on the regular screen in between things.
Are you ready for the plasma screen?
Think of all the Jennifer Fallopian nightingale and the Pej people.
The Mojo.
All your Mojo belongs to us.
Fears from the plasma screen.
Surrounding your head and body in that one minute in time.
All your ink are belong to us.
All your ink are belong to us.
Oh, Sarah Cynthia Sylvia Stout would not take the garbage out.
She'd wash the dishes and scrub the pans.
Cook the yams and spice the hams.
And though her parents would scream and shout, she simply would not take the garbage out.
And so it piled up to the ceilings.
Coffee grounds, potato peelings.
Brown bananas and rotten peas.
Chunks of sour cottage cheese.
It filled the can.
It covered the floor.
It cracked the windows and blocked the door.
With bacon rinds and chicken bones.
Drippy ends of ice cream.
Cones.
Prune pits.
Peach pits.
Orange peel.
Gloppy glumps of cold oatmeal.
Pizza crust and withered greens.
Soggy beans and tangerines.
Crusts of blackburn butter toast.
Grizzly bits of beefy roast.
The garbage rolled on down the hall.
It raised the roof.
It broke the walls.
I mean, greasy napkins.
Cookie crumbs.
Blobs of gooey.
Bubble gum.
Cellophane from old bologna.
Rubbery blubbery.
Macaroni.
Peanut butter cake.
Dry curdled milk and crust of pie.
Rotting melons.
Dried up mustard egg shells mixed with lemon custard.
Cold french fries and rancid meat.
Yellow lumps of cream of wheat.
At last, the garbage reached so high that finally it touched the sky.
And none of her friends would come to play.
And all the neighbors moved away.
And finally Sarah Cynthia Stout said,
Okay, I'll take the garbage out.
But then, of course, it was too late.
The garbage reached across the state.
From New York to the Golden Gate.
And there in the garbage she did hate.
Poor Sarah met an awful fate that I cannot right now relate.
Because the hour is much too late.
But children remember Sarah Stout.
And always take the garbage out.
The light shell silver stain, friends.
I think, uh, uh,
I think I can't remember the last time I saw Sarah Stout.
Why ask, why ask, why?
I posted that to all binary slack.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And I want to give you a post office box where you can write for free information about the church of the subgenius.
And all the strange ideas that you hear on this show.
Friends, write to Bob at post office box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And if you need to send something to me personally, that's Stan at P.O. Box 807.
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Praise Bob. Praise Lamprey Systems for their great new CD Rape Until Bedtime.
Friends, I should mention there's a wonderful subgenius scene that, uh,
regularly published by the great name of Quijibo.
And, uh, serious subgeniuses should definitely find themselves a sample copy of Quijibo.
Quijibo. Q-U-I-J-I-B-O.
And, uh, Chaz will take us out as they say.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and get ready for X Day, friends.
For X Day.
That's the next big subgenius devolver coming up.
For X Day.
Check www.subgenius.com.
And, uh, uh, uh, uh.

Hi,annen Robins, ladies and gentlemen.







Jade needs to get released, too.
Get me out of here!

Riders on the storm
Riders on the storm
Riders on the storm
I am a boobytron
Let's get it on
And have some fun
Oh yeah
Oh yeah

Oh yeah
Oh yeah
I am a boobytron
Let's get it on
And have some fun
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah





























