For I'm often drunk, and I'm seldom sober, a constant roving from town to town.
But I'm older now, and my sporting's over, so won't you come to lay me down?
Just lay my head on a keg of brandy.
It is my fancy, I do declare.
For while I'm drinking, I'm often thinking of lovely moments.
I'll leave from the county clear.
This is why I told y'all you gotta come up with something better.
I'm gonna sit there and do this.
Keep going, that's beautiful.
This is beautiful.
Ladies and gentlemen, presenting the subgenius of Slug.
Funny?
Well, I don't mean funny exactly.
It's kinda hard to explain.
I see.
Sometimes I feel real good, and then other times, I feel like I was gonna get sick right in my stomach.
Well, it doesn't take much doing.
You alright, man?
Yeah.
Yeah, what's up?
Okay, we're down here at Cafe Sub-D.
We're down on the floor of Cafe Sub-Genie Rave, because that's what happened next, man.
It was the Sub-Genius Rave, and everybody had the glow sticks, and you would've seen
him going out there in the field, doing the twist.
It was really cool.
Yeah, it was good what happened.
And Rocknar had a special power outlet next to his tent, which he used to fill his junk.
Rocknar sounds like he was the...
Giant air mattress.
Mel of the ball.
Nonetheless, was...
So, like, it was running the whole time, trying to keep air in it.
Well, it leaked faster than the thing could pump air into it.
So, Rocknar just ended up putting the spigot in this...
Some orifice in his body.
We're not gonna name names.
He got what?
I'm just saying, it wasn't on the planet.
Did he get T-back this year?
No, he did not.
Speaking of objectionable...
Objectionable.
We had the best Bob...
Baptism ever.
I missed it.
It was...
We had no cameras allowed, and that's why it worked.
We've insisted on no cameras the last couple of years, because it drove the girls away, right?
Yeah.
They know what guys are gonna do to those pictures.
What was also driving the girls away was Dr. Legume, who always ran the baptisms.
And so this time...
And he wasn't really up for that this time.
And I...
Jesus wasn't there.
So Dr. Howell and I did the baptizing.
You need a...
The fact that Dr....
The sex god, Dr. Howell, and myself were...
And we had our clothes on, too.
We had our holy robes and stuff.
Everybody else was naked.
Women jumped into that pool who have never been baptized before, including Princess Wee and the beautiful Barbara Alien.
It was worth it to me.
The whole X-Day was worth it just to see those sights.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know who...
Well, I've been waiting years...
You know, I...
Maybe...
In some cases, to see those two ladies naked.
Maybe we need a John the Bobtist.
You know, an official guy responsible for those duties.
No, I think I'm gonna do it from now on.
It's fun.
Yeah.
Better than Viagra.
You push the people's...
And plus, I personalized each one.
I didn't say the same thing.
I said special things.
I was able to remember everybody's name.
And Dr. Howell would catch them and...
Keep them from drowning after I pushed them underwater.
It was just a spectacular, spirit-filled thing.
I kept my glasses on this time so I could appreciate what I was doing.
There were a couple of subgeniuses.
When we baptized them, they stayed down.
And we know that they are the ones who are most beloved by Bob.
They're with Bob now.
You know what I was wondering?
I was wondering...
What were you wondering?
I was wondering about...
About Reverend Ivan's name.
If his wife was left behind.
I was wondering if I could have his wife.
In your dreams.
Pardon me if I sound a little distracted.
I'm trying to finish operating on this old man's heart.
This morning was the high-stack flapjack pancake breakfast
attended by a ravenous mob of slavering subs
who reduced the stacks of dough to a memory.
No longer even the...
To the
That meal had stick-to-itiveness.
Stick to your ribs.
Stick to your teeth.
A stick to your ribs subgenius.
repass. Now, the
Subgenius
International Chili Cook-Off
is coming up at 4 o'clock
today. That's right.
The cooks are the Iron Chefs
and Velvet Chefs and so forth.
They're all hard at work.
They're opening cans, no doubt.
How long has it been since you
wrapped your lips around a warm
steaming bowl of Wolf Brand
Chili? Or, in this case,
Subgenius Brand Chili.
Dr. Howell, how can you, a non-Texan,
quote the Wolf Brand Chili ad?
Well, that's too long.
Because in Arizona,
we also were bombarded with the same
show for Wolf Brand Chili.
...
...
...
...
...



...
...
...
It was 1779
when Thomas
Hereford Webber Bufferson
said, give me guns or sandwiches,
a true patriot,
he never once stopped...
Uh, I'm sorry,
what did he stop?
He never once stopped.
He never once stopped.
Until his unfortunate death in 1804,
struck by lightning at the door
of his Williamsburg farmhouse,
after one more occasion
than was necessary of exposing
himself to the neighbors.
After his radical experiments
with the hemp flowers,
as he used to call them,
the
his cholesterol levels were so high he could...
Oh, it's fallen now.
He's fallen.
Look, Jefferson is on his knees now.
He's...
But at least Hamilton
still lives.
Plop.
Now, as I recall,
I think it was 1828
when we first established
a precedent of how to deal
with these so-called
sub-administrators.
Sub-administrators.


Sub-administrators.

You're saying this right, Senator?
What's that?
Well, that was, uh,
Buford Alcibiades Dobbs,
uh, down at, uh,
the plantation,
which was, uh,
known as the Grange
in those days.
He started the mess.
Then he was some sort of
masonic now.
Oh, they said he had, uh,
magical powers.
Yeah, I was gonna say,
he had the magic, uh,
powers in his...
The magical falderol,
that's what it was.
In his gree-gree bag.
Now, I notice, uh,
you're wearing one of those
unattractive clothes.
You have gree-gree bags
on sale for $19.95
in the Congressional Commissary,
but, uh, why?
That's, uh, all I can ask.
One of the sevens of...
Well, sir,
after an intestinal operation,
one has to wear a gree-gree bag,
if that is, uh,
what one is calling them
these days.
I see.
They will never make
the heights of fashion,
but they are essential
for a gentleman
in certain difficulties.
You mind if I empty mine here?
Uh, yes.
The sandwich boy
will take care
of your vessel there.
Um, this Bob,
J.R. Bob,
I forgot the name right now.
J.R. Bob Dobbs,
has he ever
entreated you
into any sort of
slap-happy games
with this, uh,
vesicle you're wearing now?
Oh, they're always
up to their
hijinks and shenanigans.
They can't keep it down
to a dull roar
or confine it
to the rumpus room.
But before I go
any further,
Senator,
I want to read
a certain statement
into the record.
To a certain...
Go, go, Roddy.
That I...
Uh...
Go for it.
...am not now,
nor have I
ever been
a member
of the human race.
Well, um,
it seems...
Now, I'm looking
at something here
that says something
quite different, sir.
It seems you have been
a member of the human race
and disavowed
your genetic, uh,
herology...
What's the damn word
I'm looking for?
Your inheritance...
Right.
Yes.
And I'm wondering
why this whole
congressional committee
is wondering
why.
Because, sir,
as it says, uh,
in the old book,
as I will remind
the honorable member,
I know...
When, uh,
one is in the court
of the king,
one is a king's man,
as it were.
Well, uh,
this has not been
a monarchy
since, uh,
Tuesday,
uh,
Sennenhofer.
Uh, I mean, sir,
I'm sorry,
I was talking to myself.
Let the king
do the will
of the king.
The law
and not his own will.
For when the will
rules and not the law,
then there is no law
and no king.
Only the subgenius
can perform
under his own genius
and enact his own will.
Let what need
be rendered
unto Caesar
be rendered
unto Caesar
with a thick,
unintelligible
magic marker.
Well, silence, silence.
We get your drift,
Mr. Monogram.
And ladies and gentlemen,
you know him,
you love him,
you can't live without him,
the reverend
Alex M. Thompson.
Yeah!
I never knew
the M before.
The reverend Alex.
Friends,
dear, dear, dear, dear friends,
I have what may well be
one of the shortest rants
after long, long periods
of conflict,
conflicted mindsets
and what should I,
what could I,
what should I rant about?
So many things,
so many choices,
so many decisions.
What to be angry about this week?
Oh, God,
what's the latest catastrophe
to bitch about?
You know, friends,
I have something very simple,
very true to say
to all of you.
And that is
that this church,
the church of the subgenius,
ladies and gentlemen,

is now and ever shall be
the greatest cult
that has ever,
or will ever
darken the face of this earth.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Are you through
with your questions now?
Yes, sir.
Now let me tell you the story
of one of England's
greatest crickets.
Deceit, hate, and each other all,
Deceit, hate, and each other all,
he presents
eeeeeeeeee!
Every man a sacred horse,
MacPherson,
on the air.
His cricket kidney was smashed.
Man was craped, sacred,
called MacPherson,
is a big fake rare.
His cricket children
suddenly blew up.
Or is Thor
right the state of share?
His cricket car was so bad.
You seem a mutant,
for me,
a new treatment.
And this cricket
was offered
a Hollywood movie contract.
Frush it, Moose Man!
Our special guest tonight
is a man
who is




my guest for tonight
is Fantastic Paul.
But before we introduce
Fantastic Paul
in person,
let's begin
with real one.
This hot man
is shaving
one of the best
third basemen
in the National League.
He is in Wonderland.
Dear Bill,
I've got a skin
on my face
but not anymore though.
I find skin
like mine.
Signed,
me.
And that cricket
was a girl!
Hey!
Strange isn't it?
No, these are the real thing. These are examples of Reverend Enni and Reverend V's wonderful pancake artistry.
Well, they are beautiful specimens of their kind.
They look completely realistic.
They do. The top one looks something like the moon of Saturn, Iapetus, the surface with its many craters and fumaroles and the scorched upper sands of the tormented moon.
Is that the one that the robot landed on and they got nice footage of the landing on the distant moon?
Yeah, that robot's up there now.
And you know, the robots on Mars, the tiny human infants inside the two...
They've been doing real well.
Yeah, they're about ready to shift them into open air experiments.
Their lungs have developed enough that they seem to be able to survive.
Now, if those two infants can crawl from the respect...
If those two active Mars explorer robots cross Mars and meet each other and reproduce, it'll be like Blue Lagoon.
Well, Red Lagoon.
Yes, well, it would be a little bit harsher.
And a new race of Martian humans can begin.
It's so romantic.
Of course, they'll probably just die.
Of course, government programs are strange.
And the fact that sometimes they don't seem to be created by people who take the long view.
And another...
Sometimes they do.
And one cannot ever be sure which of the two alternatives is the more terrifying.
Well, we know from Dobbs' prophecy that there are two futures for the human race, if it survives at all.
In the far distant future, if the conspiracy wins, humans will be heads, floating heads, with very well-developed hands and fingers.
But that's about it.
Heads with hands.
If Bob wins...
That was what H.G. Wells predicted.
If Bob wins, however, the human race will finally end in not quite as large heads and great big hands and great big genitalia.
It's a big difference between the conspiracy future and Bob's future.
Nothing we need to worry about immediately.
This is millions and millions of years in the distant future.
It's strange why they should choose to externalize the sex organ.
But perhaps giving it more surface area was in itself an aesthetic statement of the race in those advanced times.
Because the business all takes place in the brain, the largest and most concupiscent sex organ in the body.
As Zappa called it, your dirtiest organ.
Yes.
Let me tell you one thing.
If you have a plan on going out, you've got to first go out.
And that young people are turning to drugs.
It's because of the Federal Rehabilitation Center, a better welfare psychologist, a psychiatrist, where you've got so many troubled young people.
And man's nature delays.
He'd run around, run around, run around, run around, run around.
With his fist stuck up, a knife in his hand, a gun in his belt, and a punch bird in his mouth.
Because he doesn't have guts enough to ask Bob to forgive him.
Because he doesn't want to bow down.
You know, you quit drinking, you quit smoking, you quit running around, you go to hell.
That last cut was a reverend brainer.
And now...
This pleasing sylvan scene, this light on the grass, the song of birds, the swallow twittering from the straw-billed shed.
The puking of Banjo-Bob.
Only the seeming of things.
Yes, because Banjo-Bob is one of those phantoms.
Not actually physically present.
But one can intuit his presence.
And then soon the ghostly imago of Banjo-Bob begins to reform out of the black ether.
And pretty soon he stands before you, trombone in hand.
An alien parasitical twin hanging out of his zipper.
Yes, it's called heteropagy.
And as it happens in this instance, it can happen in many others.
As the fabric and foundation.
The foundation garment of reality itself rips and gives way.
Revealing the naked but unwholesome truth which lay beneath.
I love it when you talk about that foundation garment underlying reality.
It seems so intimate.
Language is metaphorical.
And if only we could unzip the zipper and snap the snaps.
Which draw the veil of incomprehension over the true sights of the glories of the universe and the beauties of nature.
We could progress, ideally, to those sunlit uplands where the sacred subgenius amusement arcade stands at the top of a green hill.
There's where the punchline is found.
I don't fly anymore because of that.
This is Hal getting to, actually, three and a half weeks later.
I'm singled out for special treatment by the airport gestinkener gestapo.
That's because you are...
Because you're a subgenius.
A subgenius.
Down with George Bush. Allah is great.
Oh, did I say that? I mean...
I mean...
No, no, no. It had everything to do with the fact that you show up on the screen as a kooky cult minister.
Woohoo!
I'm ready to convert the world.
So there's just this joke...
This is J.R. Bob Dobbs, everybody.
In the joke column one it says, check this guy out.
So they just have fun with you as you go through security.
Now we always pull the subgenius.
We pull the subgenius out of the line.
Unless we're in those strange circumstances where we can't tell who the subgenius is.
In that case we simply detain the whole line.
It's part of the Transportation Safety Administration.
All right.
Well, um...
I completely quit traveling by air because of that.
Well, you... But the funny thing is, even though they made me flip down my...
Well, uh... You know... Your mind.
I couldn't find the, uh... You know...
Which was right there, where they...
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Did they stick their hands in your pants this time?
Woohoo!
Oh, uh... Well, um...
No, they didn't.
But you never know whether they will or not.
I started to unsit my pants when they did it to me and they said,
No, sir, that's enough.
Stop! Sir, please, that's enough.
And I said, no, you got me started.
Now I'm gonna show you the whole thing.
So, if you want to get on the helicopter, you're going to have to line up over there and...
Sir, please, put that back in your pants!
All right, now it's your turn, madam. Step forward, please.
I'll just touch you with the special wand.
Here...
Bend over...
And here...
A little bit farther...
And here...
Oh, sir, that's not my bag!
And it looks like you're carrying some contraband.
I'm gonna have to search your inner cavity with my special flesh wand.
This man is deemed an accredited transportation safety engineer.
He's a slumming slumber.
He's a lecherous old man...
Meanwhile...
...filled with sin and perversion.
...left hours ago and we're standing by the sideways of the highways.
Yes, it's terrible.
At the byways.
The byways of the sides of the highways are lonely places...
So, did you take that ride that you go inside Ivan Stang's mind?
Yes, I did, because I managed to fly from Boston to Cleveland in the nick of time
to be picked up by Princess Elizabeth.
And taken back to the Stang Mansion.
Quaint, curious, grumbling remnant of an earlier time period.
Yes, when we're doing the house and we're coming over the radio, we do fill your...
I mean, we fill your entire house.
And as we traveled down the street, as she turned the corner, right in front of the car,
there was a strutting wild turkey.
I thought we just caused her pain by the sheer magnitude of the show.
This turkey was running into traffic and causing cars to slam on their brakes.
And she said that it was often seen wandering around the neighborhood, perhaps thought to be a slum.
Perhaps thought to be somebody's pet.
Or maybe even a remnant of the original wild turkeys that inhabited those woods as recently as a hundred years ago.
That turkey was over a hundred years old?
Well, no one knows where that turkey came from, but it's constantly running out into traffic and causing cars to slam on their brakes.
Well, I'd die with that behavior and live another hundred years.
I know, I know.
It's not a waddling fat farm turkey, it's a wild turkey.
This is a wild turkey who's lost its ability to survive in the wild.
Just like the one on the liquor bottle.
It can't look out for the train, turkey!
Then when I got to stately Stang Manor, I galloped down the back stairs so I could start doing my laundry in their washing machine.
Please, please, turkey, get off the tracks now.
And their spider-haunted basement with the low ceilings scuttling with spiders, I quickly chucked my laundry into the washing machine.
Alright, our next question here.
And if the questioner wants to be identified, you can raise your hand and say, hey, that's me.
Absolutely.
You know, there's something else, Reverend Stang.
The Ask Dr. Hal show back home, where I come from, in San Francisco, has all sorts of peaks and valleys, nodules and lumps.
And this is sort of bland, moving along in a linear fashion.
One thing we do is we reward people who ask exceptionally good questions.
I don't suppose we have any rewards we could give away.
At home, we pour them a shot of Fernet.
About here.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Actually, I have a big box of Hour of Slut duplicate CDs.
Well, there you go.
These are your downloaded MP3s.
These are the original CDs with a separate track for each brilliant cut of the Dr. Hal show or whatever show we've vampirized and parasitized.
The active result of this is that you actually...
Yeah. So...
...walk away with something in your hand more than just having Valderal in your head.
So having a little bit of an offer of value that adds a little bit of roughage.
Well, how about that next question?
Okay. This next question would be, is it true, Dr. Hal, that evil clowns live in the woods?
Well, it would be presumptuous.
It would be presumptuous of me to deny that there have never been evil clowns in these particular woods.
You see...
Well, let me just be a little bit more explicit here.
We are surrounded by the Hutterite and Amish people.
And they have a strong tradition of solemnity about their religious observances, seriousness.
And so...
...it does become necessary...
...from time to time...
...for certain of those who wish to operate in a clandestine fashion, somewhat in the manner of werewolves,
to sneak out from their communities and commit the solecism in the privacy of the rural bushes,
which can never be committed in society.
And so we may indeed, from time to time, have a number of grimacing clowns,
but the only evil they do is the evil to the restrictive community from which they live.
And so, if they did, I would be very happy if they did,
and provide relaxation and slack for all.
Friends, if you happen to hear the call of the evil clown in the woods, which is...
Well, that sounds like Philo.
Well, draw your own conclusions.
I've actually been holding back a lot of hate.
I'm trying very hard.
Don't hold back your hate.
You know, there's this little, you know, you can't hold back the hate.







line you have between holding back hate, you know, you start brewing it and brewing it
and brewing it. Because, you know, of all the stuff that Bob has taught me, he taught
me hate first. It was this whole thing. I used to be one of these little...
Hate to admit it. I was a hippie. I was a dirty, patchouli-wearing, grateful, dead-following,
fish-listening hippie. I was all about peace and love and, like, friendly, warm, fuzzy
feelings. You know, what Bob showed me is that you have warm fuzzies, but the cold pricklies
are a lot more fun. Bob showed me that sometimes when you're driving by somebody, it's really
nice.
It's nice to just go, you fucking cunt! Bob showed me that hate is okay. And Bob has
showed everybody that hate is okay, because after you come to an ex-day and Bob fucks
you over, the hate starts to build, and it builds and builds and builds, and then you
come next year. Bob fucks you over again, and the hate starts to build and build and
build and build and build. It's all about the hate.
You've got to embrace the hate. If you don't embrace the hate, then you
are a cunt.
If you are one of these smart monkeys, dumb monkeys, monkeys, monkeys, monkeys, you end
up becoming a robot of yourself. That hate is a freedom. That hate is love. How can you
have one without the other? You have to, you know, you have to have something on both ends.
For every Bob, there's an anti-Bob. For every Connie, there's an anti-Bob. For every Connie,

there's an anti-Connie. And you know what? Connie is the anti-Bob. I've got to share
with you this. Connie is a gold digger, and she made the biggest score ever. If you're
a gold digger, who else do you want than the luckiest man alive? You can just run up the
credit card bill. He's going to find the money. He doesn't care. He's going to find the money.
No, no, she's not a prude, baby. Just because she hadn't come to your house yet. You must
be doing something wrong. We've all met her. Her and her Liz Claiborne khaki pants, Mary
Kay selling blonde bleached hair, Gucci purse having Prada shoe wearing gold digging ass.
We've all met her.
You know what?
You know why? Because that's the dark side of Connie, that side of Connie that tells
you boys, well, you've got to give me something first. That side of Connie that comes up to
you and says, well, yeah, sure, baby, I love you to death, but, you know, I need $50 to
make you holler. See, Bob is about the money, too. We know this. The difference is that
Bob never lied to us.
About the money.
There was never a lie. It was give me your money and I'll give you slack. If you don't
give me your money, you're not getting anything. Connie lied to us about the money. She really
did. She lied. You know, and I've gone for many years trying to kill Bob and saying fuck
Bob, and then I realized, you know what? Fuck Connie, too. Fuck Connie. Kill Connie.
Kill Connie.
And then fuck her.
Kill Connie. Why? What makes Connie so much better that we can kill Bob but not Connie?
Think of all the fun you can have killing Connie. Really. Exactly. I don't I'm not
prejudiced. I'm not racist. I'm not bigoted. I hate all you fucks equally. I don't like
I don't like this dirt hole.
I don't like the crap I have to deal with every day.
I don't like arrogant assholes.
I don't like drama.
I don't like bullshit.
And you know what?
Sometimes it's not a fucking joke.
It's not.
And fuck Connie and fuck Bob.
Keep going with it.
Keep going with it.
Because you know what?
Just separate sides of a coin.
Separate sides of a coin.
It's all the same energy, man.
It's just whether or not it has a dick or a cunt.
And that was Priestess Bices with noise by two beans.
And incidentally, there is a lottery.
You can be a lucky wiener here at SubgeniusCon9.
That's right.
We're going to be giving...
We're giving away the Rancid Triceratops Medallion and many other things.
In fact, we've got a swag auction coming up which will cause you to salivate with excitement when you see it.
The treasures of time are nothing to this horde.
Croesus' millions and Scrooge McDuck's money bin cannot begin to encompass some of the riches in this pile of wealth.
And that's after certain other so-called...
...high-level subgeniuses have already illegally been through it, scrounging through it and pulling out the best of it.
Even what remains is intensely desirable as a personal possession.
But you know, folks, the Church of the Subgenius is just like the cruel outside world in offering you these tempting tchotchkes.
Remember, they are only the symbols of slack and not the actuality.
They will not provide the spiritual relief.
That subgenius doctrine will.
But only its pale shadow, its insubstantial simulacrum.
It is a little cheaper, though.
Oh, well, and it does provide immediate satisfaction.
You know, let's not knock it.
We're just doctrinally bound to say that there are far greater, more toothsome delights and within reach, you know,
even than what we hand out in our philanthropic generosity and over all benevolence.
What happened to this microphone?
That's fine.
Okay.
This microphone is a buttless microphone, you see.
Yes, I see. Well, that shows that...
Because of that, it doesn't work.
Right. Well, were I buttless, I wouldn't work either.
I'd want someone to take care of me all through my wasted and worthless life.
Pity the buttless. For one day, you too might be among their number.
Or even the hemai.
Oh, yes.
But the buttless.
You know, the half-cheeked, they still have a hard row to hoe.
With only one ischial tuberosity, sitting is always a problem.
If you remember your Voltaire, this was the fate of the old lady who had one of her butt cheeks cut off in Candide.
Do you remember that novel?
The old lady with half an ass?
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure.
She had seen her share of tribulations and troubles.
There really...
There's a half-butted lady in Candide?
Yeah.
In Candide?
I knew about Candida, but...
No, this was...
This character is referred to in the book, I believe, as the old lady with one buttock.
I don't think she has a name beyond that.
I admit, it's been some years since I read the book.
Who knows? Maybe I'm making it all up.
It's something I remember.
I don't have a copy here, but the point is...
You probably did make it up yourself.
Wishful thinking.
Oh, if only I could have a half-butted woman.
I don't think that that is very much on the front burner where I am, confidentially.
I was just guessing.
We're talking about our private suppositions, thoughts, and aspirations.
Why wish for the half package when one can so easily conjure up the whole on the screen of the mind?
Yeah, the whole. Let's hear more about the whole.
Let us view the bright buttocks of joy and delight.
And I suppose you know the story of the Athena of the full buttocks.
Which was related somewhere by some Greek.
And the two sons of somebody or other.
Now this one I really have difficulty remembering.
But it seems that a certain beauty in Arcadia compared her buttocks to those of the goddess Aphrodite.
Who was incensed by this.
Oh yes, and so she, I still forget her name, but was known as the fair buttocks.
Was turned into...
A stone on Mount Sipylus.
Which weeps tears still to this day.
But, no wait a minute, I think I take that back. That one's not right.
Oh well, at any rate.
The Venus Calipygios was revered as the example of the most beautiful ass in the ancient world.
Thus the complimentary term Calipygian for a well assed person.
Yes, the Calipygian beauty.
My father likes to use that word.
A young, like a friend of my niece would come into the house and say,
My, you're quite Calipygianus, aren't you?
And they'll giggle.
And then he gets to explain what Calipygianus means.
And then do they still giggle?
You know how those smart ass know-it-alls are, don't you, Dr. Howell?
Yes, how annoying.
Those obfuscating mendacious peedants.
If I wanted to hear about it, I'd look it up in the dictionary.
Uh, yes, yes, yes.
But every subgenius has a little companion.
The book of subgenius wisdom, which travels in a cloud about him.
The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that deliver him, and they do their job.
You sure talk pretty, Dr. Howell.
By all means, provide some tranquilizers to the people.
To ease the strain and monotony of...
The subgenius power of...
...sweat.
A bottle of 100 should be adequate for a family of four.
Tranquilizers are not a narcotic and are not habit-forming.
Ask your doctor for his recommendation.
Bob.
Now, what time is the American astronaut screening tonight?
That's not going to be at the drive-in.
That will be shown probably on Monday.
We're gonna...
We'll...
It's slack-off day for me, which means I'll probably set up screens or something in the studio up at the top of the hill.
But no studio screening will take place tonight?
Not of American astronaut.
I believe tonight is Vincent Price night at the Bad Film drive-in.
What have they got?
I don't know, but there's signs here and there.
The team there.
Or something like that.
The abominable Dr. Fibes may have, so I don't know.
Actually, I don't know.
I don't know what they're... what he has.
But I'll show the American astronaut.
Friends, it's great.
If you haven't seen it, I don't know exactly how to describe it.
It's bull-dada.
Advertent bull-dada, not inadvertent bull-dada, which is what Dr. Dark specializes in.
He specializes in surrealism that was meant to be suspense.
Comedy that was meant to be horror.
And so forth.
And the American astronaut is funny when it's supposed to be.
A lot of the time, you're just going,
God, this is like fucked up.
This is one of the most fucked up things I ever saw.
It's great.
This is so fucked up.
So there you have it.
The American astronaut.
It's got some great special effects.
It's got music, actually.
It's a musical.
It's the first cowboy western musical set in outer space.
And it was directed by the guy who was singing on the stage last night.
Corey McAbby.
Oh, God.
The girls were throwing their panties up there at that guy,
shrieking like 12-year-olds at a David Cassidy concert.
These are married women with children.
It's just, oh, God, like Monkees fans.
I was like that.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
dir was a gard'-n and there was a tree.
And there were three of me.
I was a snake and a crow and a cat, and in the tree, all three of me sat,
for eternity.
And that was that. One night an apple grew. And the apple knew everything that I knew.
It was part of me and it was part of the tree. The tree that I climbed into and flew into and slithered to and now I grew.
And there I sat. As an apple and a snake and a crow and a cat.
And that was pretty much that until one day a girl who was not me came out to play.
And I could see what she wanted from me. She wanted to know what the apple knew.
And I said, you already do my dear.
Otherwise,
you wouldn't be here.
And she said, please.
I've come to eat the apples from the trees.
And I said, no.
I am an apple and a snake and a cat and a crow.
And she said, please.
I need to have that apple inside of me.
She wanted to know everything I knew.
And I said, but my dear, you already do.
Then she stamped her foot and said, for heaven's sake.
Why can't you be a cat and a crow and a snake?
And I said, no.
Let the apple go.
Then she took a bite.
And I could tell that she knew I was right.
She walked away weeping with the apple in her hand and fed my secrets to another man.
So I slid away and flew away.
And out of the tree I ran.
I who was once one, now forever three.
A cat and a crow and a snake without a tree.
Just a snake and a crow and a cat and that was that.
The Billy Nayer Show, dear friends.
Thank you, the Billy Nayer Show.
And thank Reverend Magdalene and Reverend Nikki Death Chick.
And also, Mein Cock.
Not the one on stage, but the one who's been at previous X Days with Bachelors for Bob.
For turning us on to this amazing cultural phenomenon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We say yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you a bunch of Nayersayers?
Oh…
竹 Coach, your Marsha Wood РEW
Thank you.
Take your slack and I'll tell you where to stick it.
Take your slack and I'll tell you where to stick it.
Take your slack and I'll tell you where to stick it.
take your slack and I'll probably want to lick it.
I got a dirty mind
and a deep, deep need.
Something's got to be filled in.
Take your slack, I'll tell you where to stick it.
Take your slack, I'll tell you where to stick it.
Take your slack, I'll tell you where to stick it.
Bring me slack and I'll probably want to lick it.
I got a burning need.
I got an itch to scratch.
I got a burning need.
I got an itch to scratch.
Something I've got to feed.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
But if you really want me to, I think I'll just lick it first.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
A lick me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
Bring me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
A lick me slack, I'll show you where to stick it.
And then, it's done.
like the uh he looks like the fate the hideous not the perfect but it's rocknard so we're playing
the rocknard theme here of course yeah this is from rock and roll rocknard did you see the rocknard
three three where he um goes to his racker stand and if you go to rocknard's house you will become
one too chuck norris beats up chuck norris that's right i was just about to say that
you could live in rocknard's house well rocknard open for the uh swing and love
i've got rock the audience away those anti-music doctors know that it bothers us and that's why
they do it yes but there's nothing you can do but walk away from doctor music
and you're lucky if you can really get away from it
speed to clinton
speed to clinton
speed to clinton
barney go to the house of bob the house of bob the house of bob warning bob bob bob bob bob
hey bob talks cheap now listen bob now listen bob barney and bob are below with the captain
and that's when you come in bob all right go ahead all right go ahead yeah he was all excited
bob's information must contain some clue say bob bob you're a magician oh have you checked out a
short wave set yet bob yeah it's working all right this morning i just wanted to get rid of bob's
for a few minutes so we could talk yeah that's a good idea the first chance we've had to discuss the
idea of swearing bob in as a member of the secret police send me all possible details concerning bob
bob may be of more service up here on the river than in hong kong all right then let's go to the
house then and swear bob into the secret police are you sure he's all right clint well of course
he's all right bob bob where are you let that go bob we got something more important for you yeah
We'll keep in touch with you, Bob, because you're going to join our organization.
Do you, Bob, as a member of the International Secret Police, promise to obey and protect law and order?
We've gotten you into trouble already, Bob.
You'll have to be extra careful, Bob.
Don't worry about me. This is the sort of thing I like.
Oh, say, Bob.
Yes?
Oh, say, Bob.
Yes?
We'll have plenty to do, Bob.
Hey!
Oh, say, Bob.
Yes?
Hey!
Bob's information must contain some clue.
Oh!
The house of Bob?
Bob? Say, Bob.
The house of Bob?
Say, Bob.
The house of Bob?
Bob, you're a magician.
Speed to Clint and Barney. Go to the house of Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
The house of Bob.
Bob.
Incidentally, the Brushwood staff, we've learned, calls us,
the Bobs.
The Bobs.
Just as a sort of shorthand.
It's a subgenius.
It's kind of, that's a lot of syllables.
They'll say, oh, yeah, the Bobs are coming next weekend.
There go the Bobs.
We'll have to make them their big icon.
The fire crew of Brushwood has been a big part of X-Day every year
because they really know their stuff.
They keep us from hurting ourselves.
The pagans, you see, know a great secret that many subgeniuses have not learned.
The secret of fire.
They know how to make them.
But tonight we will see the leaping and dancing flames.
At the sound of the bell, place your hands as follows.
Right thumb, left thumb.
Right thumb, four fingers thumb.
Strike the right thumb.
You never use your right thumb of each hand to strike the bell.
Now your hand has ended.
Return.
You will hear instructions to strike your left thumb.
The fire crew will now begin.




That last cut was a refrainer.
All right, here's another question.
I've heard that hippopotamuses kill more humans than any other African animals.
Are there other lesser known animals that kill more humans than hippos?
I think the word do has been left out a couple of times.
The word do?
Well, I've heard that hippopotamuses kill more humans.
More human than any other African animals.
Are there other lesser known animals that kill more humans than hippos?
Well, of course, they tell you all sorts of stories in the African bush.
I don't know how much credence you want to give to tales of Bunyips and Michaila Mbembes and so on.
But hippos are dangerous because they are territorial.
And they are likely to slash you with their tusks if you come up.
If you come too close while you're paddling in the pool.
Also, large crocodiles are often far too aggressive and desire to make too intimate an acquaintance.
After you get out of the water, the most dangerous animal is potentially, I'm told, the Cape buffalo.
You wouldn't think something that looked so much like a cow would be with all those lions and things around.
But according to every account I've read, of course, I've never been there.
This is just stuff I've read.
The Cape buffalo will wheel and gore you and trample you and trample the remains and then gore the remains and then trample the remains.
I'm getting turned on now.
That's why it was such a big trophy in the old days of the stuffed heads in the Trunk and Tusk Club downtown.
They'd always have a wildebeest right in the middle.
Also, the hairstyle of the wildebeest was worn by people of the past.
In the early period, like Andrew Carnegie and John L. Lewis and so forth.
What of the lowly mosquitoes?
Well, what of the lowly mosquito?
It makes you wonder why Noah put them on the ark.
But the lowly mosquito, of course, has laid us low at various times.
And it's always possible that one can suddenly encounter a mutagen in the mosquito's saliva.
Responsible for a disease as deadly as the one that we're all suffering from.
And it's only possible that one can suddenly encounter a mutagen in the mosquito's saliva.
And remember, folks, they can stymie malaria, but they can't really stop it.
Once you get it, you may be in for shivery episodes for the rest of your life.
I said over and over and over again.
I said over and over and over again.
I said over and over and over again.
I said over and over and over again.

Funny you should ask that.
I've become a real expert on that.
You know, same motion over and over again.
Rock, you know, humankind has been chopping rocks for a million years.
That's what they used to call it.
Guys have been chopping rocks to get laid and paid.
The ones who couldn't shoot very well could...
could maybe chop rocks better than someone else.
We used to nap flints.
The ones who couldn't even chop rocks, those were the ones who invented religions.
You nap flints.
You have to be a good flint napper.
My theory is that flint napping went on for so long it became a kind of an instinct.
And that explains obsessive compulsive disorder.
That's what the conspiracy calls neatness nowadays.
Hmm.
Mental illness they label wanting to have your stuff in order.
Getting your ducks in a row.
Being an emergentile like I am, that's a disease.
A propensity for order.
Yeah.
But personally I think that art, music certainly, especially drumming, and jobs are all results of the obsessive compulsive disorder of flint napping and stone hand axe making.
So they didn't have stone hand axe stores.
They didn't even have stone hand axe bags.
When one wore out they just made another one.
And that's hundreds of thousands of years of that same thing going on.
We can't stop.
That's the human part of course.
The Yetis didn't need tools.
They did not need clothing or...
and could practically materialize what they needed out of the air.
Which they didn't need much luckily.
Well the sharper image I believe has one.
That's right.
It's a very primitive looking with a branch for a handle.
But of course that doesn't come anywhere near the satisfaction of going out and napping your own flint.
And hardening a fire hardened axe handle.
Bind it with the tendons of some ruminant that you can.
And you'll be killed after protracted and bloody struggle.
And you'll feel that you're a king in your own kingdom.
Particularly when they come to get you.
And I would like to add that this is not a perpetual motion machine that violates the laws of thermodynamics.
Energy is coming into it from outside.
The magnetic energy which permeates the cosmos.
He who controls magnetism.
Gravity.
Controls the universe.
Unwinding.
Object.
Not just magnetism but gravity.
Distance beacons.
Forward.
Forward.
And not only that.
Let the great world spin.
The unified fields.
Now the breaking roots of change.
We've taken all the previously unknown theories and managed to put them all together in one massive ancient Frankenstein theory of unifying.
Frankenstein culture.
The old, the new.
The old, the new.





And the energy specter.
Where strange surgeons cut out your spine and send it to 67 giant.
And weave it together in a way to produce the beautiful fabric that we know as.

You know this comes back to the doctors, folks.
The face.
And the old, your doctor.
Of Dobbs.
In the smiling face of Dobbs.
Of the original.
You'll find the face of a small child.
The hideous grin of an ancient crone.
And yet there is that magnanimous smile.
And you may see it.


might hear the stipulation of an enormous cricket.
Is the pipe that never leaves.
Have you ever seen Bob not smoking his pipe?
No, because you can't.
It would be the end of the universe if you did.
I thought that happened already last Wednesday or Tuesday or Monday.
You know the pipe is smoking right now.
It's proof of the existence of us and Bob.
Because we're still here.
We're still here.
We wouldn't be here if we hadn't already been clenching the pipe
and that mighty smoke.
Pleasing the nostrils of Joe.
I also didn't ask Dr. Howell.
As it is.
Pleasing the gods as they breathe deep the smoke from Bob's pipe.
Before we wrap up, you know,
Angry Larry had a pretty good marriage ceremony, didn't he?
It was very romantic.
There looked like, I think there were like ten couples getting married.
Yeah, and then he had a private ceremony with me and Christy,
so that was kind of cool too.
I noticed that young Popess Pantiera
married her little girl.
Little vibrator.
And she gave it a gentle kiss at the end of the ceremony.
It was really sweet.
It's enough to make the heart warm.
She doesn't need a boyfriend anymore.
Right.
Smart girl.
She's got her Bob.
Oh, you really liked my wife, didn't you, Stang?
She was pretty, wasn't she?
Yeah, your temporary wife there, your ex.
Yeah.
Christine, yeah, she was gorgeous.
Excellent hula hooper too.
Oh, yeah.
Those hula hoops look great.
Looks aren't everything, though.
Money is everything.
And in that respect,
Ragnar is a god among subgeniuses.
Oh, yeah.
If looks were everything,
Ragnar would be a pretty low-level god.
All right, guys.
Well, it's time to wrap this up,
so thank you very much.
Thank you.
All righty.
Yay, yay, yay, yay.
This has been Synesthesia, of course,
and, you know, what the heck.
Belly, belly, belly, belly, belly, belly,
ho, yeah.
Test, test, test, test, test.
Okay.
What's this all about?
What's all this about?
Shallabalala, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Boy, I have a howl.
Man, I have a howl.
I have a howl.
I have a howl.
Oh, yeah.
You want the key?
Come on, y'all.
You're like blood is dry.
Selfish fox.
Hi, this is Jim Backus with a special announcement
about an exciting Lazy Boy chair sale
taking place at your Lazy Boy dealers now.
Lazy Boy reclining chairs of your choice
are available at unheard of savings
for a limited time only.
Treat yourself and your family
to a lifetime of comfort and beauty.
Once you do, you'll wonder how you ever relax without one.
Get America's comfort favorite, a Lazy Boy chair now.
See your Lazy Boy dealer today.
Run in there.
He'll be glad to see you.
Yes, he will.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
