Oh, let go! Oh, he's got my leg! Oh, my leg! Help! Don't save me!
Call the dogs up, they're biting me! I give up!
The Self-Genius Power of Squash!
That was a couple of years ago. I went back to reform school and watched my chance.
And this time I finally escaped.
Escape.
Of Spitfire Hijinks, says the Dobstown Mirror.
Most religions, most of their rules are such that if you follow them, things are supposed to be nice or better, as well as correct.
The Church of the Subgenius has rules that if you follow them, have similar outcomes, sometimes.
And other times make things very much not nice or not better.
Which makes ours, a mail-order mind-control cult, more like life than a description or a hallucination of life.
One such rule? Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Try it and see.
Go ahead, kid. What's the matter? Scared? Afraid your mom will find out?
Anyway, we'll be hearing the first live hour of slack from 24X Day on Friday.
July 2nd.
I'm not going to play the first 26 minutes of Dr. Howell and me talking because it was recorded only on my phone and my location recorder.
Which also picked up drunken audience chatter and just sounded too much like the situation actually sounded.
The last 40 minutes got recorded off the line mic board mix, which was salvageable.
Just for contrast, the first minute or so of this is from my ambient...
...recording, so then the rest is from the board.
I don't mean the board audience, I mean the mix board.
The old animated cartoons were the MTV videos of their time.
Where they build a cartoon around a popular song, like happy harmonies, merry melodies, silly symphonies, and so forth.
The song, just about seven minutes long, perfect for a cartoon.
Those were the days.
You're just following in those footsteps.
Yeah, them was the days back then.
Uh-oh, we're doing it again, Dr. Howell.
It's another one of those hours of slack where we're talking about old cartoons.
We try to talk about the future, but we also draw from the endless will of the past to illustrate our examples.
Well, the only problem is that not everybody remembers the same cartoons that we saw.
And then they're illegal now.
Some are.
I heard that they made the Warner Brothers cartoons non-violent somehow.
But not the special collections.
Anything that's chopped up for TV.
Spielberg also messed everything up with his idea of Warner Brothers cartoons.
That just makes the banned ones more popular on YouTube.
I was thinking how awful it was that in the 70s that Ron Miller of the Disney organization...
a former football player took all the Donald Duck cartoons and so on and put thumping disco music to them.
And then released them.
And they used to show these ads again and again with Donald Duck's fanny boinging to electro disco music.
Or goofy or something like that.
Um, strange laps somewhere along the line made that decision.
Holy cow, we're gonna have a pyramid of drunkenness here.
He's warmed up too much.
Thank you, I'm sorry.
I'll pour another one down in just a momentito.
That's, that's, thank you, hunch peas.
Thank you so much.
The hunch peas.
Of Notre Dame.
God, what a butt kisser. God.
Who?
The hunchback of Notre Dame?
The hunch peas.
Oh, the hunch peas.
Oh, I'm just giving him crap.
It's all about ball busting with these, these old military guys, you know.
Well, as long as it's affectionate.
You see, when your, when your default way is to run everybody down and insult them, there comes a time something is not right and then suddenly you snap and get irritated.
Like Mr. Spock saying, I never did appreciate those comments you made about my ears.
I didn't like it then and I don't like it now.
Well, geez, Mr. Spock.
Ease up or, you know, whatever.
Uh.
Too much is, I'm, I hate to say it, is in every instance is not always better than, than not enough.
Except to provoke a change.
Well, you know, the original quote was too much is always better than not enough but it's almost as bad.
But that just didn't have the same ring.
It didn't go over with the college kids nearly as well.
No, because they wanted all.
They wanted an excuse to hurt themselves with beer, which is exactly what I'm a little worried about.
When I saw the fifty cases of Orange Blossom back in the day IPA.
It's great, but fifty cases.
Take one down and pass it around.
There's forty-nine cases of beer on the floor.
Yeah, Onan already suggested that.
Yeah, well, Onan's not coming, right?
No.
No, he couldn't.
He actually had to work.
Oh, yes, work.
The workaday world must go on.
Whether capitalism or capitalism.
Work!
Maynard G. Krebs knew that terror.
But you're about to know a new terror as taught by Father Joe Mama, Papa Joe for short, in his miraculously preserved first sermon from 24X Day, Gird Your Very Self.
Hello, dear friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled The Secret of Sisyphus.
You remember Sisyphus?
Don't you?
He was the ancient Greek king who defied the gods and was condemned in Hades to roll the large boulder up the hill to the very top, only to have it roll back down over and over again.
How does one motivate themselves to do this over and over throughout all eternity?
It's a dilemma many subgenies face in their day-to-day jobs, working for the Khan.
How can we continue to fight our way through the world?

We work day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year.
We try desperately to empty that in-basket, only to have it refilled just as quickly as it is cleared.
What did we do to deserve such punishment?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
And what can we do to end this hell on earth?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
But there is a secret to withstand the despair that this punishment tries so desperately to impose on us, dear friends.
A well-guarded secret that allows us to fight on despite any and all odds.
But to reveal it, we must go forward in time, over 2,000 years, to 1861, during the American Civil War.
The bloodiest war in American history.
650,000 casualties.
One of the earliest battles was the Battle of Lexington, Missouri, or as the natives called it during wintertime, Misery.
The Yankees had attacked the city and were dominating the battlefield.
During the day, the Union and Southern forces would meet on the battlefield and kill one another.
During the night, they would meet on the campgrounds and play each other at poker.
They weren't friends, they were frenemies.
And who doesn't like beating their adversary at cards and taking their money?
The daily fighting was brutal.
At one point, the Yankees took over the Confederate field hospital, the old Anderson House, which had been converted to a three-story warehouse for the wounded.
Many rebels were trapped on the upper floor, and the two sides traded gunfire up and down the large central stairwell.
Finally, the Yankees offered a truce of sorts.
Any conclusion?
The Confederate who could survive a jump from the third floor and could crawl back to his unit would be allowed to do so.
Several accepted and survived, so the Union changed the rules just a little bit.
They set out bayonets pointing upward at the bottom of the drop and took wages on how many would impale themselves.
Many did.
But even more gruesome was the fighting that occurred out on the river bluffs.
The Yanks held the high ground, forcing the rebels to push up the hill under withering gunfire, only to be repulsed and forced back down time after time.
Then the South tried something different.
Why not provide some portable protection?
They took some of the bales of crops from the surrounding farmland and started rolling them up the hill like a rotating rock.
It stopped the bullets, and the Yankees started to worry.
Then they came up with another idea of their own.
They heated their bullets and fired those at the bales.
And sure enough, it worked for a while.
It set the bales on fire.
And yet, the rebels kept coming.
Even when the smoldering and often burning bales made it so much more difficult, they continued to fight.
And when the battle was over, the rebels had won, despite overwhelming odds.
Lexington was safe.
At least for a little while.
And the South thanked God for their miraculous victory.
But was it really divine intervention that provided their victory that day?
Or was there another forgotten factor?
A secret to their success?
And what the Hades does this have to do with Bob?
Well, for that answer, dear friends, I'd like to reveal to you an often overlooked little detail about this battle.
That crop that the bales were made out of, it was a common cash crop back then.
Not cotton, but hemp.
A plant used to make rope and other fibrous products.
It is the older equivalent of cannabis.
And Havafrop Zipulops, the sacred subgenius herb from Bob's Piper.
The more those bales burned, the more inspired those rebels became.
And as to the Sisyphus is concerned, well, what kind of fumes do you think he's breathing?
With all those drug users and dealers burning in hell along with their residual THC and hidden bodily stashes,
who is to say how much of that skunk-like smell in hell is sulfur and how much of it is weed?
This is not only the secret of Sisyphus and the Battle of Lexington.
It is the prime ingredient to subgenius resistance.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
We will never give up, never surrender, no matter what the odds.
Because we are the modern day rebels.
Only we are not fighting for slavery.
We are fighting against slavery.
We are fighting the same slavery the conspiracy created when they traded the subjugation of one race by another,
using whips and chains, with the modern subjugation of all races, using time cards and security cameras.
They replaced the overseer's whipping with the modern manager's tongue lashings.
No, you can call it slavery light if you like.
All the oppression, but only one third of the actual effort.
The 24 hour bondage has been replaced with a 40 hour work week.
But don't expect any gratitude from us.
We all know they only did it to make us more interchangeable and expendable.
It was a cost cutting measure, because like everything else, even slaves are cheaper to rent than to own.
There is also a color.
There is a color difference to the modern warfare.
It is no longer the blue against the gray.
It is a battle betwixt the pinks and the grays.
And come X-Day, the burning bullets of the pinks will be no match for the titanium plating of the gray saucer ships.
Nor will they be capable of outrunning the laser cannons of the X's star fleet.
So embrace the struggle leading to X-Day, dear friends.
The fierce fighting that shall occur no matter how bleak it may appear.
Remember our history and fight on.
Remember the secret of Sisyphus and the secret of the South Booth's amazing battle.
If you can't beat them, joint them.
And don't worry, be frappy.
Here it is the winner Bob, praise Bob.
Amen.
We're broadcasting live on Freethink Radio.
Freethink Radio has all the subgenius shows.
Put your hands on the radio and maybe it will stop that annoying humming.
They do replay almost all the...
You know, it's good to where I hate to say it, but the number of subgenius shows is too damn high.
It's like the number of subgenius Facebook pages.
Too damn high.
I can't begin to follow them all.
It's ridiculous.
Well, a lot of applicants aren't bothering to fill out the subgenius questionnaire quiz.
And I think they should at least make a stab at it.
We discontinued the questionnaire because...
You did?
Yeah, people were spending so much time filling them out and I wasn't doing anything with them.
I felt bad about it.
Well, if they put anything, admit them.
But if they just, you know, refuse to cooperate, do you really want them hanging around?
They're too snarky for their own good.
I still have them all.
I have them in a big paper sack that's rotting away.
Don't hold them back.
Put them in a paper sack.
In the shed, the Dobbs shed.
Right.
I'm too bad about that unfortunate fire that...
Well, we shouldn't have been using pure oxygen to, you know, to fill the place.
Like the Hindenburg.
There went all those types.
No, actually, it's got...
The Dobbs...
There is a Dobbs shed...
Dobbs shed.
Near my house.
Lined with fossil rocks.
Don't go near that old shed, kid.
Yeah.
It's got $3,000 worth of insulation.
It's got a lot of insulation sprayed in it and two air conditioners that are both running
full speed right now to preserve the ancient rotting documents on paper.
And 8 millimeter, 35 millimeter film, 16 millimeter film, Betamax VHS.
Wow, this place sounds great.
Sounds great.
The zines and mail art of the 80s and 90s.
Well, the ones that the squirrels didn't pee on in my Cleveland garage.
Still continuing, the zine world is flourishing.
And Onan is inheriting that shed because he's qualified.
He recently gave the world's biggest Buckminster Fuller archive to a university.
He had acquired that much Buckminster Fuller.
He says his was...
There's probably another guy that would say his was bigger, but, you know, it's all about size.
Like the pink Canucks.
Oh, they're Marshall McLuhan.
But Onan was so big, he gave it away for free to some university in Portland.
It's probably been burned down by now.
Well, you don't know.
He left Portland.
He lived too near downtown and it was just downright dangerous.
He got tired of the ruckus, so he actually left for that reason.
I've turned into a fad of ruffian violence with the excuse of wokeism.
It's just out of control.
You see these...
These youngsters don't remember the 20th century and the cultural revolution in China and its revolutionary excesses.
Because all revolutions of every kind ultimately have excesses.
The pendulum swings back and forth in the human way.
And for a while, the extreme is an intensity which can be unpleasant for those who are on the other end of it.
That stuff scares me because that really did happen in China.
The most ignorant...
And Cambodia.
The most ignorant people who outnumbered the intelligentsia and professionals and shopkeepers...
Exactly.
...who took power and wrecked the lives of anyone who could read or speak a foreign language, wore glasses.
I know people who went through that as teenagers.
Or tried to preserve art from earlier non-Marxist leaders.
We have all those Leninist eras.
Well, I worry about the damn Trumpy QAnons doing the same thing.
Other people worry about the Antifa army which, as far as I can tell, exists only in Portland and Seattle.
The trick is not to get around between those two stones.
I do not have their P.O. box.
But they are real in those two places.
Antifa just means you oppose fascism.
If you want to see where they are, go to Arlington National Cemetery.
Sure, we're all anti-fob, but in a sense, I mean, it's people who'll say, yeah, man, I'm anti-fob, fuck you, dude, oppressor.
And then they'll topple a statue of somebody who is a hero to the gay community or crash, burn down a courthouse where all kinds of human rights things were done for the first time because they have no idea about their own goddamn history.
They destroyed a statue of Frederick Douglass.
Why?
Well, they, I don't know why.
In San Francisco, they took red spray paint and spray painted in the face of the statues in the park of Don Quixote, Sancho, Panza, and Cervantes.
And Cervantes was himself enslaved for a while.
But I guess they didn't like it because they thought these were conquistadors who oppressed the First Nations people and had never read Don Quixote.
As opposed to satirical novel characters.
Good God.
Next thing you know, they'll be tearing down pictures of Bob.
Oh, yeah.
And saying he's against the somebodies or something.
Or maybe he is.
They like to get right up against all of them real close and kind of cut off.
They have plans.
They'll tame Bob by taking shears and snipping the pipe, and then Bob will be harmless.
Have you ever noticed that when you digitally remove Bob's pipe, he looks just like some doofus?
He's got to have the pipe.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
But what's this?
From the Cult of Zere, a strange document with the curious title Wizard Bong.
Here, I think I'll read it.
Is existence incorrect?
While there is much to investigate, what we don't understand increases exponentially with each passing year.
Recently, for instance, Wizard Bong is known...
...to be Wizard Bong and potentially other things and or everything that is not Wizard Bong,
while also remaining everything that is Wizard Bong all the while.
And also not Wizard Bong?
You read that correctly, we think.
And tell you what, containing all possibilities, including the possibility of one's own absence without undergoing some form of severe existential crisis,
indicates a bold emotional fortitude.
This damn thing proverbially eats its own stomach, so to speak.
How the hell can a Bong do that stuff?
A Bong that is and isn't a Bong and also is and isn't everything else.
Strive to achieve, reach, fail, breathe, take a nap.
Be at the coffee shop in three hours and look for a good reason to do so.
Look for a man wearing pants.
Oh my goodness!
Wom smot hem enon she daftod.
It's fine really, fine.
It didn't have to happen this way, but now that it has, let's not cry about it.
Stop muttering. It'll be okay.
Wizard Bong, fine.
The proof is in the park.
Highly illogical research indicates the promising possibility.
We are engaged in irrevocable congress.
With lost truths.
Where does the pork factor in, for example?
Still a mystery, embarrassingly, but we'll find out.
Where exactly are we now?
Climb beyond your expectations.
Whet your appetite.
Wrestle alligators.
There are mysterious underpinnings to the reality we view daily through a lens darkly.
Wizard Bong, you are where you said you were, aren't you?
Were you lying?
This is the sixth heading.
Illumination decrypt mismatch error.
Unfortunately, you can't read the sixth heading until you've read and memorized the entire website.
Once you have undergone this strenuous exercise, the actual paragraph should be quite easy to read behind this one.
In other words, this is not the actual paragraph.
Wouldn't you like to finally, truly know?
Exactly.
And that's Wizard Bong from Cult of Zere, which I think Onan found on a website.
Cult of Zere is basically our friend Molg.
Molg also lives in Portland.
Hot, hot, hot.
Well, here's some, we got a little bit of mail.
Oh boy, mail call.
Yeah.
Well, let's see what's in Bob's bottomless mail bag this time, Stang.
Someone, Sigma Star Spawn.
Cute.
Just sent a short, it was a quote he found in the Dobbs Town Mirror.
Lay it on me.
If there is a God, he is a machine that converts prayer into irony.
And the letter writer said, I wish I had written that.
And I wrote back and I said, so do I, but Onan wrote that.
Onan actually has been sort of like my co-speechwriter for a long time.
He's coming up with good stuff.
And I hope we're all familiar with the Dobbs Town Mirror, that wonderful subgenius newspaper.
I gave him a plug in the nanoheliograph.
Well, I don't know why this is in here.
This was, this is, it says, after track 10.
This 1830th hour of slack is a good rerun from 2008.
And everything about X Day still applies in 2021, except the main party is being held in Land O' Lakes, Florida,
at the nudist resort of Reverend Xanthea Octo-Shroom and her dad.
Boy, what a, this is, what an improvement this is.
But most subgeniuses.
It's certainly more comfortable.
Probably won't be nude.
Most of our skin is generally unkissed by the sun's rays and will likely stay that way.
All information can be had.
Who is saying this?
Dr. Howell and I will be there and a whole bunch of young, much younger subgeniuses, including ringleaders Argus Fox, Reverend E.
The rising generation.
We depend on them to perpetuate our legacy.
Yeah, and to haul our luggage.
When the torch falls from our faltering fingers, there are brawny hands to grasp it and hold it high.
Oh, and then there's a sad thing about Reverend Rock Roswell.
Oh, yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
He was only 60.
That is really too bad.
He had a lot of trouble with health and insurance.
You know, Dr. Evermore died also in 2020.
Oh, the list goes on and on.
Reverend Crash.
Yeah.
Heathen, of course.
Heathen, yes.
Yeah.
I really, really miss, really terrible about Heathen.
On the other hand, I think Heathen died in his sleep of a heart attack, which is not a bad way to go.
Yes.
You know, you just wake up on the escape vessels and go, whoa.
You wake up dead, yeah.
And, of course, Jay Lynch and Skip Williams and Jim Carrey.
Those are interesting cases because when Jay Lynch died, Skip Williams and couldn't stand to go on living.
Yes, but there are the survivors, the hearty survivors of this terrible time.
And that just shows that somebody always survives and you always think it's going to be you.
And who knows?
It might be.
It's a lottery.
A luck of the draw.
You might be allowed to be aboard the Ark.
Although I saw that Noah's Ark movie and I wondered where they were coming from with that.
The bad guy stows away aboard the Ark and starts eating endangered species and so forth.
Where did that come from?
And long-suffering Mrs. Noah played by Jennifer Connelly, you know.
What a performance.
That must have been a forgettable movie.
Yeah.
I think it was a good movie or maybe it was late at night.
I saw it but I don't remember any of it.
Yeah.
It starts with the Anarchy.
No, no, no, not the Anarchy.
What are the angelic beings who had sex with the daughters of men?
The Seraphim.
Yes.
Only in this movie they're like the pile of rocks monster from Galaxy Quest.
They're these big tumbling balancing boulders stumbling around.
How are they going to have sex with anybody?
I don't know.












They're not going to have sex with anybody.



Anyway, that's Hollywood.
What can you say?
Speaking of Noah's Ark movies, I found a list of movies that had been filmed in the town
I live in, Glen Rose.
And of all things, besides Dinosaur Valley Girls, was Noah's Ark.
I have that one.
Had been partly shot there.
Well they have the Noah's Ark attraction, don't they?
I understand.
We have a wildlife safari park there, and you can film giraffes and zebras walking two by two if you're desperate.
But it turned out it wasn't the big budget Noah's Ark.
It was the Michael York Noah's Ark.
Oh, no.
Yeah, a Christian-made Noah's Ark, real, real low budget.
So that explains why they had to go to the safari park in Texas.
To film the zebras walking two by two.
Well, I read that one Noah's Ark from some Christian Noah's Ark park got washed away by severe floods, which seemed so appropriate.
No, it wasn't.
It had severe water damage, the one in Kentucky.
I guess so.
The giant building shaped like Noah's Ark leaked and flooded.
And the water poured in, and they didn't read their Bible closely enough.
That's all so silly, friends, because Noah's Ark actually sank at the area known as Stang Ranch in Glen Rose, Texas today.
It's not on Mount Ararat or anywhere.
Now, I can show you the wreckage.
There's very little left.
A few boards, basically.
Well, it was made so many cubits long and deep out of shittim wood.
The prehistoric subgeniuses jumped off the boat, and as it sank, a lot of critters went down.
But they have some of these parks with Jesus riding a triceratops and so forth.
I mean, they really go off the deep end.
Hal, I can't wait to get you to the Creation Evidence Museum in Glen Rose.
I cannot wait.
Well, the most amazing one is in, is it in, no, it must be in Virginia, because I told Doug about it, and then he went there, which is the Republican Dinosaur Park where the South wins the Civil War.
Because dinosaurs eat Lincoln and U.S. Grand.
And they have all these dioramas of dinosaurs munching the Union Army and so forth.
Well, I told Doug about that, and then he went to his Virginia Military Academy reunion, and he took time to drive over to the park.
And he got there when it wasn't open, but he talked to the guy, and the guy let him get in and shoot pictures.
So he has a slideshow of it now.
Great, great bad dinosaur parks.
Yes.
There's quite a few of them.
There's one in Glen Rose, a dinosaur world.
There's one, same as the one, same chain as the one here.
And there's one in Cave City, Kentucky also.
There still are a lot of them.
Many have fallen by the wayside.
Flintstone Village is in ruins, a sad state compared to where it used to be.
I wondered about that.
But the thing is, what a great film project it would be to start at one end of the country and then drive to every tacky dinosaur park.
But there is.
You know, have a giant road trip and, you know, make commentary on it, show clips from dinosaur movies.
Couldn't it be entertaining?
That would be fun to do.
A lot of gift shops of various places veer into dinosaur park territory.
But mainly you've got to have the big shapeless concrete dinosaurs, somewhat weathered with pieces of real life.
And then you've got the rebar sticking out for the pathetic nature of it all.
I'm lucky enough to live in a town that's famous for dinosaur tracks.
And that's their claim to fame.
Dinosaur capital of Texas.
Dinosaur tracks give you therapy.
Yeah.
And there's lots of really boring Cretaceous marine fossils.
But you don't like those, huh?
Oh, I love them.
My house is full of them.
I had to move most of them back outside.
I've lined my yard with them.
But they're.
They're all fossilized things that are still around today.
Snails, oysters, clams.
Not the same ones.
Not not Mosasaurs, but I didn't find any of those.
Well, we have Varanid lizards today and Mosasaurs are just those big monitors that went back to the ocean and became aquatic.
There was a fairly new one found called Dallasaurus.
Interesting.
About a three foot long Mosasaurus.
There's also Arizonasaurus.
Which is.
A fin backed Arcosaurian reptile, which is not a dinosaur, but more of a Crurotarsal.
And then there was the Moronodon, the fattest, stupidest of all dinosaurs.
So bloated that its belly had to be covered with thick scales to prevent harm from dragging over the rocks.
And the Blundersaurus, whose constant tripping caused the indentation of the ventral surface, which has puzzled.
So many scientists.
But yeah, I'm lucky to live in a town that has more dinosaur statues, good, bad and indifferent than most small towns.
Sounds pretty good to me.
Yeah, some of them are really great.
There's a miniature golf course with the worst dinosaur, the worst Brachiosaurus ever.
It's hard to do it right.
And I have the full collection on my phone.
If anybody really needs it.
Everybody wants to see it.
I was just in Chicago O'Hare Airport on the way here, and I usually try to find the giant Brachiosaurus that they have there.
I'm going from the Field Museum.
I'm not sure it's there anymore.
Anyway, I had trouble walking.
I couldn't get there.
But when you're there, you're standing by its legs and they're like the immense tree trunk.
Background music by Fid Shirley sucks.
And its head is touching the very top of the concourse.
He is.




And down by its toes, there's a little shop that sells plastic dinosaurs and other sacred objects.
Background music by Fid Shirley sucks.
I saw what looked like a giant wishbone in the Dallas DFW airport.
For years, they said, you see, dinosaurs didn't have a wishbone.
But now we know they did.
A furcula, as it is called.
This would have been Godzilla's wishbone.
So I'm wondering, maybe it was a work of art made to look like a fossil wishbone of a giant creature.
Background music by Fid Shirley sucks. Boy, if you crack that one.
Background music by Fid Shirley sucks. Boy, if you crack that one.
And then get the big piece, I wonder what kind of wish you get.
Do you think Superman could make a guitar pick out of Godzilla's breastbone?
Godzilla's what?
Like Superman, could he like...
The microphone piece!
Could he like fight Superman, Godzilla, and then Superman wins?
Well, the important pick, of course...
And then Superman makes a pick out of Godzilla's breastbone.
Whose sound could melt a heart of stone.
Then there's the pick of destiny.
The chip off of Satan's horn.
Maybe that's what it is. Maybe that's what the pick of destiny is.
It was the pick of destiny!
My wife knew every single Tenacious D song by heart.
Well, they're good songs, especially that whole thing about challenging Satan to the rock-off.
It's a great sustained sequence.
One should generally not do that.
Don't challenge demons to do things.
Life is better without that.
You know, when Voltaire was dying...
And of course, Voltaire thought he was dying for the last 20 or 30 years of his life.
But at one point he was really dying, and he was the big freethinker in France.
So a priest went there hoping to get a deathbed confession, you know, a conversion.
And so he finally came back to the church, and he was shouting,
Renounce Satan! Renounce Satan!
And Voltaire was saying, really, at a time like this, do we want to make enemies?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
And so he went to the church.
And he was like,
Oh, my God.

And he was like,

But he was like,



I suppose it needed to see if Farley was okay.
Gastropoda worry a lot, their concerns must feel late.
Their expiratory organs are known to emit an assertive bouquet.
I told them to clap and gesticulate.
Voulez-vous, voulez-vous, voulez-vous entrer?
The gastropod he mounted Farley's face in.
And sucked his eyeballs.
Extremely tencomious sheets of mucus like monocle falls.
His throbbing ganglion suggested pleasure through a bloody mass.
A mass of pus-covered gauze.
Thank you, sir, for getting me into the oxygen test.
Love should pay, and Farley claims his oxygen test.
The flange should dave, and Farley claims his oxygen test.
Oxygen test.
The Rudy Schwartz Project.
Farley Granger's oxygen tent.
From the album adjacent to the latex gerbil.
That's its title, not its location.
Probably.
Maybe both.
Now back to 24X Day with special guest Dr. Howland Owl.
Well, I, Dr. Howl, I'm an old fart.
And I think that as old farts, we should let the young farts.
Well, let them step up here and grab the. . .
The microphone.
I'm not stopping anybody.
Well, you see, they're closing in on the songs.
Who's going to fight the next war?
All right.
Let them come, I say.
Because, after all, you've got to feed the monster.
Content is what it's all about.
Hours and hours of tape.
More and more content that can be edited and spliced and sent to the ears of the awaiting faithful.
Right.
Nobody comes to listen to us here.
Because I know it's all going to be on an hour of slack.
So I'm going to need that.
Yeah, plenty more where that comes from.
Well, you don't know.
The meteor could fall tomorrow.
Or the exorcists could come a few days early.
You know, what to them is our foolish, sidereal idea of time.
Just if you hit it broadly, that's the best one could expect.
Well, an hour of slack is still an hour.
And still slackful.
An hour of slack production, or as I call it. . .
Squeezing out a Glen Rose steamer from the house of Blivitts.
Okay.
If that's your concept of artistic creation.
Well, I have to do most of them at home.
And I do have to squeeze them out.
Well, sometimes it may flow, and other times it may be a harder effort.
I'm going to now read the last two rant notes that I had for an hour of slack.
Please do so.
It's only two post-it notes.
One says,
Brave New 1984.
Yeah.
Which I feel like that phrase entered my head, and I thought, that's what we have here.
A hedonistic, authoritarian state.
It's authoritarian, but they keep the . . .
There's a lot of bread and circuses, and legalized marijuana, and drugs, and TV, and internet to keep everybody, you know . . .
Keep them docile.
Keep them at home, basically.
Keep them in line on the slaughterhouse ramp.
Yeah. Brave New 1984.
Hey, I'll pay extra for Room 101. I've heard they've got VR.
That's for sure.
Worst case I've ever seen.
The other little note I had was . . .
It says,
Guns don't kill people. Cops kill people.
But, I have to attribute that to Tommy Chong.
Who said it in a really terrible movie they did called Still Smokin'.
It was like a comeback movie.
I liked Up and Smoke.
And it just . . . it didn't cut it.
Now, did we hang out with him in Amsterdam, or was that . . . we met John Sinclair.
Did we meet Tommy Chong?
We didn't meet Tommy Chong.
Oh, we didn't.
You're imagining that.
Alright, I'm trying to get it all straight.
You're thinking of . . .
Harry.
Okay.
Really?
Yeah, the pot-smoking, the pot-inventing guy.
Okay.
And John Sinclair.
You're forgetting that we did that radio thing.
You know, we got just a little bit of time on his microphone, but . . .
You sure that didn't happen?
John Sinclair, yeah.
Okay, John Sinclair.
Yeah, not Tommy Chong.
Alright, yeah.
Or either that, or we did do something with Tommy Chong, but he had a better prop.
Even . . .
I think it was a little bit more fun than Xavier Hollander's dad, or husband had.
Well, I gave all of mine to Xavier Hollander and her man friend, because everybody kept
saying, oh, you can't go through customs with it.
They'll search you.
Yeah.
They know what it's been.
You know, you're going to be gone over with every inch of your life.
And so, I gave all the marijuana samples away.
I went through, and the guy's reading a magazine.
He just waves me through.
And he has joints in his pocket that he forgot to take out.
And he gets waved through.
So, once again, that slackful look is . . .
Actually, we had a whole bag of tulips that we didn't understand we were not supposed
to take out of Holland.
And we did anyway.
It could have been a bag of hats.
I did see a little dog suddenly following these two cops at customs.
Marijuana sniffing mongrel?
Suddenly sit down next to her, the bag of a nice young couple.
Uh-oh.
A nice young couple.
And this little dog just sat right down next to their bag.
And wags his tail.
And the cops said, sir, you have to come with us.
Horrible.
Please come with us right now.
I demand to speak to my ambassador.
So, yeah, we thought that you could smoke pot anywhere in Holland.
But no, actually, it's only in those clubs.
We got in trouble for it.
They flew into Holland.
They almost kicked us out of the hotel.
We really didn't know.
Ah.
Ah, the labor and stolen.
Heck, it's got looser laws in Colorado now.
Well, it's hard to keep up.
But at any rate, it's mostly legal now.
And going to the marijuana store is one of my usual chores.
Well, I live in Texas.
And it's still the way it used to be.
In Texas.
And probably cheaper that way.
Oh, well.
Maybe.
That's the way.
I mean, I always liked the underground economy.
Except, you know, I'm not a big fan of the underground economy.









Except that you have to go to the seller's house and pretend you're his friend and sit
there for hours and hours and listen to his music and listen to his talk.
And then finally, he drags out the cigar box or whatever it is.
And then, often, if somebody else comes, then you are free to go.
But otherwise, you're really glad you've got your dope.
But you can't get out of there.
And you're expected to smoke it there, too, with Mr. McBoring.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I know the feeling.
I sure do.
Luckily, that doesn't happen to us much anymore.
You call this girl, meet her at the supermarket parking lot.
Exchange.
Give her a few items.
Get your fake frop.
It's just plain marijuana.
Fake frop.
How come it used to be...
I hear this a lot from my friends.

My roommate, Mr. Mavridis.
How come it used to be so much better?
And you pay all this money for artisanal strains of marijuana.
And it's like, eh, it's barely there.
Rather smoke it than not.
But, well, I used to get this great dope that a guy grew.
And he left it for free in a paper bag in his garage.
And you could just come in and scoop it up.
And it was psychedelic.
You'd be tripping on it.
Really.
That's Paul?
Well, he's a guy.
What do you mean?
Was that Paul's memory of things?
No, that's my memory.
Oh.
But Paul was saying that the old stuff was so much better than the new stuff.
What?
That's what he's saying.
It could vary in quality.
Quality may vary.
There was no board of judges elevating this strain or that or giving it a funny name.
Yeah, I love the names.
It's all the same.
It all gets you high.
Purple push, gangster, strawberry.
The name, you know, the outer spiel that goes with it.
It's like wine snob.
And they all know it.
So, if you order dope, the dope guy comes to your house and then he says, well, this
is a very mellow strain.
And you'll notice elements of it.
This is more of a body high.
Yeah.
Whereas this one's more mental.
This is kind of a more buzzy.
The guy who bicycles over there is an expert.
A gourmand.
There's such a bunch of hooey.
Yeah.
Well, maybe so or maybe no.
On the inevitable thought has occurred to me that the reason it was so good back then
is that when you're young, you can consume anything.
Right.
When you're old, maybe those receptors are somewhat worn down.
Think of all the crap that kids eat and they can do it, but have an adult try it, you know,
end up in a world of hurt or maybe just a continent of hurt or a city of hurt or something.
But, well, if you ask me, I would quote Dave Gardner talking about something else.
Even the worst was wonderful.
Absolutely.
I would not deny it.
Not for a moment.
No, we cannot repent of such notable wonders and undertakings.
Oh, here's an interesting, this is a love comic about little monkey boy in Spilling His Gut.
Oh, here's an interesting, this is a love comic about little monkey boy in Spilling His Gut.
And it stars Mr. Chanto, who's fairly normal looking with a turtleneck,
and monkey boy who looks kind of short and sad and monkeyish.
How do you like my new shirt, Mr. Chanto?
Maybe now Mary will go out with me.
Silly monkey boy, appearances don't matter.
It's what's inside that counts.
Hmm.
Later he meets Mary.
Hi, Mary.
Hi, Mary.
Hello, little monkey boy.
I was wondering, he pulls out a knife, would you go out with me?
And he slices his belly open and his guts fall out.
With entrails like that, I'd go to the moon with you, little monkey boy.
And monkey boy dies thinking, I'm so happy.
And stink lines rise from his guts.
This is all from Swank by Greg Petix and Reverend Chris Smyth.
Scylla.
Here's one that is a haunted trucker story.
Route 666.
Chicken spooks haunt this rig.
Phantom beaks peck at my neck.
Cow specters hammer down blame, mooing accusal from the back.
Vegetarian when I was alive, hauling meat to make ends meet.
Tortured by the guilt until I jackknifed off Route 666.
And it shows this great big rig going off a bridge over a bridge.
Sam's Choice Meats, it says on the side.
I'm a trucker ghost, my handle long forgotten, chained to this damn stretch of road.
I never stop for gas.
My tank's full of hellfire.
I never stop for food.
My stomach's in a drainage ditch.
Outside of St. John.
Eighteen wheels of apparitions weighing on the sleeping brows of a continent.
Barreling down Moonlit River, a midnight blacktop.
Triple nickels on the dime.
Boy, that should be a country western song.
And that's it from Swank, a comics collection.
Originally published in the Arizona Daily Wildcat.
And you can find this by sending free comics to, got your pencil ready?
3333 Southeast Cesar E. Chavez Boulevard, number 5.
Portland, Oregon.
Poor things.
97202.
Or email is swankboy at yahoo.com.
All yours, dear friends.
Okay, Dr. Howell, I think there's no audience.
One other thing, totally irrelevant, but I meant to say it before.
In that vampire show, What We Do in the Shadows, I thought I saw Paul Rubens in there as a vampire.
Did I?
Was he in there?
That was a good episode.
Yeah, when they go to these other vampires' house and he's there with these really obnoxious ones, including a rapping one.
He's there.
Actually, I can see that easily.
He does have kind of a Bela Lugosi look.
Yeah, the art direction of that show is just wonderful.
You've seen the movie, right?
Which one?
What We Do in the Shadows.
No, I've not seen that.
How about the movie?
No.
Oh, at least watch the movie.
The movie is groovy.
It's got a different cast than the...
The list of things that I must see...
Now, sit right down and watch...
Too damn high.
Yeah, well, every now and then something comes out that's really exceptional and encouraging and has great art direction.
Oh, I know.
There's a lot of them.
Yeah.
Tons of them.
Can't keep up with them.
And they get plowed under.
But, yeah.
The same people from New Zealand who made the movie have made the show.
And the show has a different bunch of vampire roommates.
But it's the same conceit of there's a camera crew in there and they're promised not to be eaten by the vampires.
They can film their roommate interactions which are full of conflict because some are thousands of years old, some are hundreds of years old, some are ten years old, some were just made vampires.
And the human stooges who do all the work, you know, with pathetic...








They have a very pathetic hope that they'll be made into vampires.
They have the different type of vampires.
They have not vampires.
They have certain blood but they steal your emotions.
Oh, that's the best one.
In the show there's a guy who's an energy vampire who's like this bald businessman type who talks at you and he sucks all your energy away and he even sucks the energy from the vampires.
Nobody likes him.
He tells these terrible jokes and laughs in an insincere way and people are slumping over
and fighting over them.
falling over, their energy getting sucked up.
That sounds kind of John Shirley-like.
It sounds like the kind of thing he'd come up with.
Well, it's pretty good.
I was visiting my friend in New York,
and she showed me a bunch of those episodes,
which I can't watch because I don't have cable and so forth.
But I watched a bunch of them.
I don't have cable.
But the movie, read the movie.
You'd be amused by it.
It's lots of fun. It's well-developed.
See, they have a hypnotic power,
so they can have the cops over to their house,
and the cops don't notice all the dead bodies on the floor.
And the cops are there to answer a complaint.
It's supposed to be Orange Officer.
Oh, okay.
And the werewolves are in it, too.
A subgenius got away with the crime.
He was caught red-handed, or orange-handed.
He was spraying orange Dobbs heads in public.
And the cops said, what's going on here?
And our friend, who was an older guy, kind of a peas-like guy,
he goes, oh, it's supposed to be Orange Officer.
He hadn't planned to say that.
It just came out of his mouth.
And the cops went, okay.
It was like, these aren't the droids you're looking for.
It worked.
It's supposed to be just distraction.
Well, if it's supposed to be, I guess you're all right.
You're not seeing this.
You're seeing that.
Magician trick, you know.
Distraction.
These aren't the drugs you're looking for.
I'm looking for drugs.
But they are the drugs you want.
Will drugs turn you on?
This orange blossom is a wonderful drug.
I just had a whole can of it.
It's 6.4% alcohol.
But the rest is healthful water.
So it's good for you, kids.
I've had can after can.
Back in the day, IPA.
Believe me.
I know my IPA.
Because I'm Reverend Ivan Stang from the Church of the Subgenius.
And Blossom Special Back in the Day IPA is one of my very favorites.
It's almost as good as Back in the Day.
Hey, it is Back in the Day.
Amen, brother.
In the future, they're not going to be any day.
So this is Back in the Day.
In Brave New 1984, there ain't going to be no more Back in the Day.
Because it's all been the same.
The whole time.
The people my sister is in prison with,
many of them seem to think that this country has always been English people,
English-speaking, mostly white people with cars in suburbs.
And I see something like a Robin Hood movie.
They go, well, why didn't he just...
Why didn't he just get a gun and shoot him?
Well, he did in that Kevin Costner one where they bring in gunpowder and start blowing up the sheriff.
The less said, the better.
Yeah, right.
That wasn't a great Kevin Costner movie.
No, it was not.
I, on the other hand, happen to really like Waterworld.
Many people hate it, but I thought it was pretty fun.
Did you ever see Richard Lester's Robin and Marion?
Yeah, I did a long, long time ago.
Not bad.
And I remember it being good, but that's all I remember.
The thing is, many have argued that that part of the Robin Hood legend
is put in later as anti-Catholic feeling.
A nun bleeds Robin to death because of the traitorous papacy and so forth.
But bleeding was how they tended to you in those days.
It let some of that bad blood out.
They just let a little too much out from Mr. Hood.
What is Robin Hood?
What's that music?
Why, it sounds like Rimsky-Korsakov.
Yes, the now politically incorrect Arabian Nights fantasy.
No, that's from Universal Monsters.
It's colonialist.
It's the, well, it's, I believe it's...
Could it be The Mummy?
The Mummy?
The Mummy has Swan Lake at the beginning, period.
No other movie, music in it.
Like Dracula.
It starts with...
Swan Lake, no other music.
But Swan Lake, yes.
So it's not Rimsky-Korsakov.
I don't know why.
That's from a Universal Monster movie, an early one.
I think it's The Mummy.
They do that when they show the pyramids and so on at the beginning of The Mummy.
No, the titles.
Exactly.
The titles among some miniature pyramids that they rigged up for the titles.
And the Rockwell has Swan Lake.
Also, Renfield is heading off over the Borgo Pass and they play it.
But after that, not a note of music in the whole movie.
Now you know it's an hour of slack because it's going on for another half hour talking about old Universal Monsters.
Oh, we haven't begun to get started, friends.
We haven't discussed such movies as Earthworm Tractors or Shhh! The Octopus.
Ever seen Shhh! The Octopus?
No.
No.
I did see Ticks, though, after Last Ex Day.
You told me about Ticks.
Oh, I told you about Ticks.
Yes, you see marijuana growers in the woods are using too much fertilizer, creating giant ticks that attack teenagers, naturally, since everything attacks teenagers.
Hey, there's a band coming.
Let's get out of here, Dr. Howell.
Got it.
I'm going to take this undrunk can of beer and change it into a drunk can of beer.
There you go.
Or maybe I'll be the drunk.
So, Bill, another iteration of the...
...soie de cent hour of slack.
We've got a million of them.
Gags, stories, and reminisces about old movies that no one is interested in.
But you never know whether we might strike a spark in such a fashion.
So somebody else get up here and start a yakking and palaverin.
We need a lot of clabber.
And after so many beers, I can't blab such blibber blubber.
My tongue isn't made out of rubber.
Yes, I'll take that one and this one.
Subgenius.com.
That's subgenius.com.
Everything you want to know is there, but you will have to truly look.
Thanks for listening and looking.
