Please connect your brain connector in with your network system modulator program.
Get ready to have the center cortex, the bottom lobe of your cranial system, connected with
our system.
Your cyber biological interface shall be connected.
Connected within three seconds.
Two, one.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.



.

.

.

.
.




.
.
.
.

That was the sound of your connection interface.
You are now in the cybernetic system.
Everything shall be okay at this point.
Please follow your cybernetic interface leader to the following cyber internet spaces and
perform your pre-giving duties.
these as needed.
Say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say,
you have no chance to survive, make your time.
Ah, yes, dear friends, oh, it is good, good to be back, but I'm not back for long, friends,
because we're in the process of moving the church offices to another part of Cleveland.
And two weeks ago, friends, we were just in Amsterdam, a hole in the head land.
Yes, we went on a field trip to the Neanderthal lands, we subgeniuses did,
about 25 or so of us.
And friends, it was amazing, the Butch people are so great.
You know how the Hindus worship cows?
Well, the Butch people of hole in head land worship subgeniuses,
and they have these subgenius preserves there in the Neanderthal lands called coffee houses,
where you can fight technobortem, and it's great.
I mean, it's like they just make...
It's as if...
It's like subgenius heaven, my friends, in the Neanderthal lands.
And you can even look at the beautiful Neanderthal men and women for sale on display
in these lovely red lit windows.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
But, but anyway, we have some tapes.
We don't have, we don't have tapes yet of the devivalism.
In Amsterdam.
But we do have Radio Patapo.
Radio Patapo, the Dutch subgenius show, or Dutch-German, actually,
with Reverend Jitze, or Lord Yeti,
and the great Pope Black, Pope David Lee Black,
Pope of all Europe, who helped us get to...
And actually has just done a successful tour of Germany.
He did Hamburg, Berlin, and I believe Kiel,
with the Dutch subgeniuses.
And Duke of Uke, Little Theodore, and Vagina Jones, dear friends.
I wish I could have gone on that, but I did go to...
Anyway, it's busy, busy, busy, busy around here.
We've got a devival coming up in Cleveland at the Euclid Tavern again,
Saturday, May 12th, with Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
winners of the Free Times Press Best Instrumental Electronic Group.
And on May 27th, friends, I'm getting married.
That's right, I'm getting married.
Sorry, girls, you can redeem those tickets at the post office,
and I'll give you the post office box.
So anyway, next week I'm probably going to be even more married,
and I'll do another Suzy the Floozy show replay,
which will be real fun.
But in the meantime, I did want to get some of this Amsterdamian damn stuff out,
and some of the CDs, new CDs,
by the subgeniuses who performed at the Amsterdam Devival,
Little Theodore, Duke of Uke, Vagina Jones,
also known as King Lear,
and Fat Harry White.
And Fat Harry White was not actually at the Devival,
but you'll see what I mean.
He's incredible.
And friends, what's also incredible is that in this hour of slack,
we will be exposed finally to some really brand new voices
because of the Euro subs.
From England, Reverend Mickey Finn and Pope Phil Monty,
and I think there was a Reverend Priest there also from England,
Dr. Notov from Denmark,
Reverend Jitza and several other folks whose names I can't pronounce,
from Holland Headland.
And, oh man, it's such an inspiring thing
to see the church of the subgenius spread its tentacles out across the world.
Of course, there is at least one subgenius in every country.
Well, in some cases, there's one in every continent.
But they...
And those are the bravest, the most advanced, yet devolved,
of all the creatures of that land in which they find themselves,
the Pope, the only Pope.
And, but yet, but now it is spreading.
Actually, we've always had lots of members in Northern Europe in general,
but it ain't the same, friends,
unless you actually go there and meet them and know them
and come to share.
And that's the butch word for slack.
And so let us go on into that self-same slack.
Yes.
We love Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob is here.
Bob is good.
We love.
We just...
We love Bob.
We love Bob.
Whatever you people are on, I don't want any of it.
It hurt me.
Mr. Bond, you have already ingested a fatal quantity.
These young people are on a new drug called Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!


















Just give me some Bob, man.
Bob.
Bob.
It's really great.
Pass the Bob around, man.
Here you go, man.
Oh, it's old God.
Oh, wait.
Bob, it really opens up my heart chakra,
and it just, it just really helps me connect.
It makes her want to do it with anybody, man.
I don't need anything.
I want Bob now.
I need it now.
Otherwise, I'm going to fall over.
Hey, I want...
I just...
I don't want Bob.
I just want the Bob sticker on the top of the Nutella, man.
I want the collector's item Bob.
Give me Bob now!
Yeah, I want Bob!
Bob!
They think they want more Bob, but they'll never get enough.
They can never be satisfied once they've had that first taste of slack.
Kids, do what your parents say.
Don't ever send money to Bob.
It's a dangerous cult where people have insane, weird sex along the...
Here's my $30!
Whatever fantasy they ever desired for only $30.
Forever.
Do you want that, kids?
Well, then send $30 to the Stamp Out Bob movement.
Youth Against Bob.
Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Kill that freak.
Nip it in the bud.
Kill it before it divides.
Annie Christie.
Yeah, kill Bob!
Yeah!
I don't even remember what I played.
This is Brain Box.
And miscellaneous.
This person was kind of miscellaneous.
Space and sex.
That's all I heard.
You gotta burn me some of your rants.
You gotta burn me some of them.
You should have heard the conversation five minutes ago.
Oh, man.
All that Amsterdam.
No, it wasn't like that.
It was...
It was more like...
Oh, we were down there at the Bush Doctor by Muntplein.
Near Rembrandt's plane.
And they're testing the combination of the blueberry...
With the blueberry water hash, you see.
And with a little dusting of keef upon it.
Of course, it's illegal to do that kind of thing in this country.
And even in Holland, we discovered, much to our chagrin this time,
that it's not actually legal to smoke this cannabis stuff.
Anywhere except in those licensed coffee shops.
In other words, if your hotel isn't, quote, cool, unquote,
they will heartily discourage you from sampling these latest...
Marvelous examples of the advances in Dutch botanical science,
I think is what I was going to say.
That was just some glitch in the tape.
Sorry, friends.
The Dutch and those who have traveled,
to Holland, to experiment with crossbreeding
these marvelous species of plants.
And they have such colorful names,
like White Widow, which has now been crossed with Afghan,
so it's Afghan White Widow.
And Bubble Gum, so named because it...
Well, last year it did taste like Bubble Gum,
but this year it tasted and smelled more like skunk puke.
And yet, the general...
What was it?
The other one, there was one called Orange Skunk
that smelled and tasted just like Bubble Gum.
You know what I discovered is that if you smoke those things,
you'll get this kind of funny, light-headed feeling.
And then after a while, you'll get this kind of brightened sensibility.
Sort of, you know, everything looks a little brighter,
and you're thinking...
Thoughts seem a little more lively,
and your imagination gets jacked up.
Your mind is more lucid.
Yeah, and then you take all your clothes off and get arrested,
and then you wake up in a...
Oh, no, no, that's when you drank.
I forgot.
And then your vegetables...
I get confused, you know, because usually the two...
Sometimes the two go together, and then your...
Vegetables and lucidity go together.
As Bob said, too much is always better than not enough,
but it's almost...
Too much is twice as bad.
I think it's twice as worst.
You didn't know about that last part, did you?
About the twice as worst part?
What? Too much is twice as bad as not enough?
It should be devil is enough.
It's be deviled enough.
It's...
Yeah, I'm sorry.
There is...
Well, there is an enough, I suppose, for something.
Enough Dave.
Enough Dave?
In the days.
Yeah.
There's not enough Dave in my day.
There's not enough Dave in my day.
There's not enough Dave in my day.
There's not enough Dave in my day.
There's not enough Dave in my day.
Enough Dave in my day.
Enough Dave in my day.
Enough Dave in my day.
Enough Dave in my day.
Enough Dave in my day.






So...
Phil.
Phil.
Philip Delman just left our boat.
He's going to sail over off to Amsterdam now.
Yeah, well, apparently the infamous Paul Black
has also contributed to making this show
in the form of a song he apparently found
somewhere in the second-hand record store in 19...
This is Pitfield Monkey, actually.
Pitfield, please come over here and explore.
Explain Fat Harry White to the ladies and gentlemen of Amsterdam.
Fat Harry White is a psychs guard of the stature of Barry White from America.
And he's from the northwest of England.
Can you play the Fat Harry White?
Fat Harry White.
Can you light this?
Fat Harry White is going to tell us about Bob.
Here we go.
Hey baby, you be Eve and I'll be your Adam.
Together we'll taste the forbidden fruits of love in the Garden of Eden.
Yeah.
Hey, I've been talking about Garden of Eden and all that, right?
I was talking to my old mate Bob the Gardener the other day.
Now Bob tends to work mainly on the sloping hills of the York Cestus,
the Shining Hills.
And he's probably the most talked about uphill gardener in the area.
Anyway, we were talking about smoking, actually.
Now Bob's a heavy smoker, but I've not smoked a fag for years.
I'm not kidding.
Last time I had a puff was about ten years ago.
I'll never forget it.
It was in my bedroom on New Year's Eve.
I remember deciding to give him up and thinking,
hey, I wonder if I'll ever taste one again.
Tell you what, not touched one since.
Now Bob mainly smokes roll-ups with the cheapest tobacco he can buy.
Yeah.
But on special occasions, he always treats himself to a good rough shag.
Then, you know, sometimes he'll have the occasional 20 Super Kings.
He said he sometimes has a sneaky one in the bath when his wife Anne is in bed.
He just lies back in the bubbles, gets his king size out and pulls on it slowly.
Mm-mm, better.
Not that his wife would mind, because she's a heavy smoker too.
She smokes up to 60 cigarettes a day.
She told me about a time once, about three years ago,
when Bob tried to give her one on the back of his moped.
Just as he was about to put it between the lips,
he came off by the Pelican Crossing, you know.
Anyway, I mean, smoke is bad for you.
I advise you not to do it, you know.
But I mean, I like talking to Bob because I'm interested in gardening, you know.
In fact, I was in the back garden with Fat Aria, you know, the bread knife, the other night.
And she suggested we build an ornamental pond in our garden.
Well, I told her, it's a great idea.
It's a great idea.
It's a great, mmm, it's a great idea.
I mean, not only would it become the main feature of our garden,
but I thought it'd be handy to stick some fish in there, which we could eat.
You know, like a couple of dozen trout, maybe the odd school of salmon.
Frogs, even.
You know, they're a nice delicacy, aren't they?
Hot straight onto the barbecue.
Anyway, right.
Me old mate, Fat Larry, gave me the idea.
He keeps trout in his pond.
I'll never forget the last time I was in his garden.
I was stood by the water's edge when I asked him if he'd give me one.
Ooh, talk about fresh.
No sooner had I asked him when he thrust this,
nine-inch slippery specimen into me hand.
Tell you what, I hadn't expected him to whip it out there and then.
I'm worried it would leave a slimy mess on me car coat.
I immediately tossed it off.
Anyway, when it came to our pond, I had a big question for Harriet.
I walked round the garden with her and asked her where, you know,
she wanted me to stick it.
She said she fancied having it in the middle of the lawn
so all the neighbours could see.
Now, truth be known, I thought they might think we were showing off.
So I suggested we have a little one
in the greenhouse.
Well, after a little bit of persuasion, she agreed to it.
She said she didn't mind it being little as long as it was good and deep, you know.
Well, I grabbed hold of my trusty spade and said,
No problemo!
And promptly set about getting on the job with my old tool clutched firmly in both hands.
It's not a new model, but though I say so myself, it's still got a sturdy shaft and
the head, whilst undeniably battered, eh, still gets the job done.
Anyway, the pond was a great success.
The final touch was a great success.
The final touch was the three-foot ornamental bird that stuck in the middle.
I'm not kidding.
Everyone who calls always comments when they see the huge stalk I have on display.
Oh, yeah!
Come on, down to the Garden of Eden, God's own garden of love.
I am your apostle of Amore.
Will you be my friend?
Actually, there will be two of the greatest examples of spazz music.
Uh, spazz music.
Spazz rock.
I agree.



It's the best rock that you can ever hope to see.
Oh, all right!
Now, you're right!

In the tradition that started Devo, for instance, and many of you are familiar with that great
old-time quartet Devo, the Devos, we used to call them, well, they devolved and devolved,
and some bands became even more devolved than Devo, and that is where little Theodore
fits into the chain of evolution.
For he is even more devosed.
Oh, yeah!


and devote. Friends, you can come see
Little Theodore. Have you ever imagined
a
raucous punk
hits like Anarchy
in the UK performed on a
pleasant ukulele?
Imagine Tiny Tim
doing God
Save the Queen. Well, friends, the Duke
of Uke,
the Duke of all ukuleles
himself will be at the
Bud Cup
this Friday
night for your
edification and enjoyment.
You can have your fortune told.
Diverse psychics
will read your
past and future life
history and tell you
who and what you really are.
We will heal you. We will sicken you.
We will marry you and we will
divorce you. We will bury you.
Friends, and we will bring
you slack in the name
of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We will disgust you and
tire you out and drive you home early.
And that's why it's called
a devival. It's really quite sad
and pitiful. But friends,
and yet, isn't it more like real
life that way? You go
home and there's no one to sleep with
but Bob. But you know, you can be
alone with Bob. He's not like most
personal saviors.
He climbs into bed with you, gives you
a little reach around.
While he takes his way with you, friends.
Bob can be your
special secret imaginary.
buddy. Just like in
childhood, you had that little invisible
friend. That's Bob. Nowadays.
Now that you're a grown up.
Bob loves
you. But, well, actually
friends, God.
God loves you. There is a God and he
loves you. But Bob wants you.
And there's a big difference there.
A real big difference. You think about
that, friends, when you sleep tonight.
Bob wants you.
God loves you. But Bob
wants you, friends.
Let there be slack.
Praise that man,
Bobby. Praise old Bobby.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Praise him, Bob.
Have you got a little
Theodore hit?
He has a great
song that will stick in your head forever
about how much he hates songs that
stick in your head forever.
Happy people.
So close to death, so slick.
Happy people.
You make me stomp and kick.
Happy people.
What gives you the right?
Happy people. They laugh instead
of fight. Happy people.
You've taken the system's bait.
Happy people.
They think it's a great straight.
Happy people. You're part of
Reagan's plan. Happy
people. No matter what you think of his clan.
Happy people.
You're all but introduced.
Happy people.
These are our golden noose.
Happy people. Should we put back in your place?
Happy people.
We're the rest of our miserable race.
Happy people.
It's you I most attest.
Happy people.
Make me wanna be a pest.
Happy people.
You stray from the right course.
Happy people.
You justify the use of force.
Happy people.
You ought to be ashamed.
Happy people.
At least they give us some of the blame.
Can you work and get over it?
But there's no point in joking.
You just need to make us cry like dogs.
Those are the define children.
Like Franck
And cells are bad for you?
Oh, come on
No that easier
Oh my god..
guitar solo
guitar solo
ding
ng
ng
ng
ng
ng




ng


ng
ng

afternoon
night.
Over and over, drop all my dead soldiers, these are moments that I want to keep.
Now you're screaming and shouting and taking down the power within my eyes.
I'm too drunk to weep, too drunk to weep, too drunk to weep.
My eyes are too drunk to weep.
It is heaven when I'm jealous of you.
Jealous for you.
Jealous of you.
It is heaven when I'm jealous for you.
It is heaven when you're jealous too.
You're jealous too.
You're jealous too.
It is heaven when you're jealous too.
Over and over, drop all my dead soldiers, these are moments that I want to keep.
Now you're screaming.
And shouting and taking down the power within my eyes.
I'm too drunk to weep, too drunk to weep, too drunk to weep.
My eyes are too drunk to weep.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
King Leia with her song, It Is Heaven, from her new CD.
King Leia is also known as...
Reverend Vagina Jones.
Praise Vagina.
Kiss the nose.
Light up that pipe.
Suck that slack right in.
And then six hours later, it's going to get out sooner or later.
No matter how long you hold your breath.
No matter how tight your pants are.
No matter how tight you put that rubber band on.
The slack's going to get out.
In some form or another.
It may be jizz.
It may be gas.
It may be work.
It may be just pure spew.
It may be invisible.
The best part is the invisible part.
The iodine.
A one-three-one.
Has got my thyroid.
On the run.
In the crew time.
A eight-five.
He's making it hard.
Just to see it.
With the iodine.
A one-three-one.
The iodine.
A one-three-one.
Now we all run into the hell.
And I dance.
There's another thing that just popped into my mind.
When we're talking about UFOs.
Is that the moon itself is actually a mothership space station.
For all these alien races.
It's actually a commuting station between a couple of intergalactic highways.
Which are going through and forth the universe.
And they put a little gas station right next to the earth.
Which is now the moon of course.
On the back side you can fly in with your little spaceship.
So the earth is more or less a shopping mall for them.
Where they can go down and get some groceries.
And scare a couple of people.
Or take them up and bisect them.
And stuff like that.
So that's the moon for you.
Earth is a shopping mall.
And Bob is the salesman in the shopping mall.
Can you tell us a little bit about that?
What's about that staying?
Well the earth is not so much a shopping mall.
But more like one of those roadside gas stations.
Petrol stations with cheap knock off crap.
Well the souls of humankind are that cheap knock off crap.
Not so much the aliens but the aliens children.
Or whining.
Oh I want some more of those human.
I want another 10 billion human souls.
Oh alright get him.
Go slaughter.
Go cause another 40 wars down there on earth.
So the kid can have another billion human souls in anguish.
There is a war in heaven friends.
And we are but the spoils in that war.
We are the booty.
Earth is a farm.
And we are the spuds.
Nay.
We are the parasites on the spuds.
Of that farm.
And that's what they want.

And Bob friends.
Bob's that farmer.
He's gonna harvest us up.
And set.
Wait a minute.
Hey.
Maybe Bob's not such a good deal after all.
Maybe we're just suckers.
Slaves for some pipes.
Nah.
Well how does it relate between actually normal and pink souls and subgenius souls.
Is there a.
Because if an alien actually eats a subgenius soul.
There's something else with it I guess.
Like a creature or.
Well they get a little higher off of a subgenius soul.
Or one who has sent their $30 to Bob.
At which there is a distinction.
Sending one's $30 to Bob does save one.
But does not necessarily mean that one has the true subgenius soul.
It's close enough to fool an elder god in the bargaining session.
Well I may have said too much already.
But the true subgenius.
Which is everyone who would be listening to me now of course.
Would be the one saved.
And the souls bargained off to some titanic unseen forces underground.
Would be negligible.
The people you don't like.
You know those Bobbies.
You know how I mean.
Wouldn't be you.
Be the next guy.
I'm not Bob.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Those half assed people.
Not you.
No.
Your $30 would be very well spent.
Take that in
Thank you.
Take this.
So everything I do is right, I believe in God!
No need to even pray, I write, sometimes I talk to God.
He never needs to answer me, that's precisely how I know.
I'm just the way he wants me to be, I believe in God!
So everything I do is right, I believe in God!
So everything I say is right, I believe in God!
So everything I think is right, I believe in God!
No need to even pray, I write, I know that there are those
Who are not quite sure what to do, but there's a shining path
Inside every one of you, when I encountered God
He filled my heart and soul with song, I've sung it ever since
And now I cannot do no wrong, I believe in God!
So everything I do is right, I believe in God!
So everything I say is right, I believe in God!
So everything I say is right, I believe in God!
So everything I think is right, I believe in God!
No need to even pray, I write, I believe in God!
So everything I do is right!
I believe in God.
Little Theodore.
Little Theodore, friends, the amazing Little Theodore.
And that's from a CD re-release of his 1990 final LP,
Idiots Are Closer to God.
And friends, you can contact Little Theodore at, one word,
littletheodore at yahoo.com.
Theodore, by the way, Little Theodore is spelled F-Y-O-D-O-R.
Theodore.
Theodore.
Little Theodore at yahoo.com or 3277 Raleigh Street, Denver, Colorado, 80212.
That's 3277 Raleigh Street, Denver, Colorado, 80212.
Every time.
That's 3277 Raleigh Street, Denver, Colorado, 80212.
We have one Dutch man in this room right now.
And we want an explanation for these toilets that you have here in Holland.
The steps I can understand.
The steps I can understand.
But the toilets.
And even those little walls that serve food.
You put your little two guilders, two and a half guilders in
and pull food out of this brick wall.
That I can understand.
But come on, man.
The toilet.
Well, actually, there's a very logical explanation for the toilet.
Well, not only that.
Actually, our houses are very small because we don't have a lot of space.
So the only logical place to put a toilet because at a certain point they had to move,
be moved out of the kitchen into someplace else.
And the only thing they had left was a broom cupboard.
So just they stuck it in the broom cupboard,
which basically means everybody is still shitting in a broom cupboard.
And actually they maintained that size officially also in stuff they make now, new buildings.
Like all the toilets are still really small instead of the broom cupboard.
Well, they're a bit bigger now than the broom cupboard size they used to have.
But now it makes sense.
Yeah, it makes sense.
Now that you've told us, I understand.
Okay, now I have another question.
Why in all of the doorways is there a thing to trip you?
Like everyone to be tripping?
They saw you coming.
Well, that's actually the tripping which happens to you.
It's actually not necessarily caused by the things which they have lying in the door,
which makes you trip.
But actually the little creatures will live under it.
A little like gnome-like creatures.
And we still have a lot of them here in Holland,
only most people don't see them.
And they think it's either mice or they just like trip.
And the little very small guys with like small beards and little red hats.
Yeah.
What?
In Dutch we call them kabouters.
Kabouters?
Kabouters.
What does that mean?
Well, the Irish have the leprechauns.
You know, and...
What is the biggest word?
The word for that, Stang?
Don't say it.
I'm afraid to say it because then they will come.
I will not summon them.
You won't trick me that easily.
He is wise.
He is wise.
He does not move your simple foolish ways.
I don't be silly.
Of course I don't.
But that's because you're smart.
I mean, you spent all that excess money that you make on trips to Amsterdam and stuff like that, don't you?
Yeah.
That's what the rest of us do.
You know, you have a write-off.
Intelligence, yeah.
Mind.
That's got a lot to do with it, Stang.
That's what...
No, that...
Bob never said that.
Nah, Bob never said that.
That ain't doctrinal.
He never told me anything.
Bob never said you had to have a brain.
In fact, he said just the opposite.
He said to just float with it, man.
Just feel your way along.
Don't be linear.
Have a holographic view.
If you feel the weight holding you down, you don't want to be linear.
It's like you're being locked in a box, man.
Just like the way you go.
Yeah, man.
It's not a road or a grid.
It's more like a cloud.
Yeah, it's like an aeroil or a canyon.
No, it's like a beaver's tooth.
No, it's like a hamstrung muscle.
The neurons don't really do that much.
The things they don't even know about go off the neurons.
They do all the real stuff.
They're so lonely and they're so stupid.
They're sitting right next to all the other neurons.
Dave, get your hands off that neuron.
Quit playing with your neurons.
Look at that.
Look at him.
He's just like a chimpanzee today.
Just beating his neurons again.
Ripping his neurons.
Ew, it's gross.
W-w-w-w-w-wisk.
W-w-w-w-w-w-wisk, I got it.
The Scandinavian plate has it.
The grosser serotonin all over everything.
The body means spring testing and other morning afternoons.
Will you plug your ears and quit leaking out your damn neuronic chemical brain cell pus?
It's neuronic pus, man.
Ah, neuronic pus.
Somebody called this show a bunch of neuronic pus and I think they meant moronic pus.
I don't think they meant it.
I would agree.
I would tend to agree with that characterization.
Well, quite frankly, everybody who is listening at the moment, I'm talking not to a broad audience.
It's true.
It's a broad audience of one.
Basically, there's only really one person who we're broadcasting to tonight who I'm talking to.
That's far.
No, it's the one person out there who gets it.
It's the one person out there who sees this as more than something stupid they listen to on the radio.
There's somebody out there right now who is sitting there thinking to themselves,
actually, that makes a lot of sense.
Why shouldn't there be any high-epops called Bob?
That makes about as much sense as anything.
Ever since I've been watching films, I've seen somebody with a pipe in their mouth walking around and adding to scenes,
scenes that wouldn't have ended unless that man with the pipe was there in the background giving some side information like,
the aliens are over there!
Or something along those lines.
Basically, there is always a man in the background with a pipe.
And as soon as you've actually come to realize that there's always a man in the background with a pipe,
perhaps you'll start listening to the man.
And you'll start to see that man in the background with the pipe.
You know, we haven't got along.
We've got probably, I mean, let's face it, we've all listened to the scientific reports that say we've probably got another 200, 300 million years.
They're all saying numbers that are too big for us to imagine.
If the asteroid doesn't get you.
If the asteroid doesn't get you.
The chances are, let's face it, tops, we're all looking at about another eight months tops.
I don't think we're going to make it to 2002.
I think that's a pipe dream.
I think the fact that we made it to 2001 is a bit of a result, quite frankly.
It's not going to happen, really.
I don't care how much jizz you've got.
I don't care how much slack you've got.
I don't care how much general piety you have.
I think the fact is that we're on the way out.
We've reached the end.
But quite frankly, you can choose your side.
This is just a damn thing to keep the Germans from getting the 2006 cup.
That's exactly what this is.
This is a diversion.
This is all a diversion.
And deep down in your heart, you know that everything you've ever witnessed is a diversion.
None of it makes any sense because none of it is for anything that's going to profit you.
Except for one thing.
And that one thing is if you send $30 to the Church of the Subgenius.
And what you'll gain from that is not just a slight smile.
You won't be able to raise your eyelids in company and think, I'm cooler than you.
You're going to know that you're cooler than me.
You're going to know that you're cooler than them.
You've actually paid money to be cooler than they are.
And quite frankly, you've done nothing in your life that won't be absorbed in the cauldron of coolness that will come from you spending $30.
$30.
I mean, in English, that's about half a sixpence.
It's not anything that's going to cost you.
Send it along to the crazy Americans.
They don't care.
Just pile that along to them.
Just more money to them.
You will get a card.
It's like a receipt.
You know, you're not sending your money off and just getting thanks.
You're getting a card.
You're getting a card that says, I, Reverend, state your name.
Whatever your name may be.
We'll be boarding the saucers.
Whenever that should happen.
Although it seemed to be a couple of years ago.
Hasn't happened yet.
But I have faith.
It's going to happen at some point.
Very soon it will happen.
And those of you who held on through 1998.
Anything can happen in the next half hour.
1999.
2000.
2001.
And probably 2002.
And still no rupture.
But you'll know that you are part of a church who has got the last laugh.
And we have.
That's the last laugh.
Ladies and gentlemen, did you think you were going to hear the last laugh tonight?
If you ever wondered what the last laugh sounded like.
This is the last laugh.
Oh.
My God.
Do you want that?
Do you want that to be your last memory of life on earth?
Do you want that to be the only sound you can hear?

Do you want that to be the only sound you can carry through heaven, Hades and purgatory?
Or would you rather.
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.
Would you rather.
Would you rather.
Be listening to the music of people you love.
Artists you admire.
Folk that you think they know where they're coming from.
If you are that way.
You can write a cheque for $30.
You can spare 30 pounds.
Think about it.
What were you going to buy tomorrow?
Tomorrow's Monday.
You're probably going to be at work.
So you're going to go there.
You're going to buy lunch.
Lunch is going to involve a sandwich perhaps.
After that maybe you'll rent a video for the evening.
There's not much on telly tonight.
You'll go home.
You'll watch that.
That'll be great.
Everything's groovy.
Or you could send all the money you would have spent tomorrow to the church of the subgenius.
And what you get from that would probably be just a little more than watching a video tonight.
You might find yourself with a gateway to infinite slack.
Your soul will suddenly become immortal.
Soon you will find the ability to talk at random in public places.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
Don't you look at my eyes.
I'm talking to you.
Haber, frapper, doppler, blitz.
Soon all cars will be made this way.
Well Guido's here in the house.
Moronic.
But he seems like he's in a garage or something.
He's built his own Amsterdam.
I get that's the look I got.
It's like one eye pointed sky when one to the ground.
We must build our own ships.
But in the meantime, since those ships are so dangerous, complicated and expensive, you
can build your own Amsterdam.
Of course, if they catch you doing it, they'll throw you in prison for 99 years.
Yeah, they don't like that very much.
But people are doing it all the time.
Yeah, man.
Everybody's building like their own private Amsterdam.
See, you know, that's what the mind is for.
You control your mind.
You control your own private Amsterdam.
Well, actually, I was more like thinking about your backyard or your garage.
Oh, you control your back muscles and your lumbago.
You can also control your cesspool and everything back there too, you know.
If a yogi can control his lumbago, then make it into a whole separate, almost like another mind.
A yogi can control his lumbago and give himself instant healing, but he can't eat a lousy piece of fried chicken or some spaghetti with meat sauce.
You know what I'm saying?
The guy can probably make himself fly, but he can't find a pair of shoes that actually fit his big, flabby old yogi feet, you know?
Well, that's the thing about being a holy man.
You have to be not of this world, which usually means you don't have a job and you have to depend on handouts.
That's what I do.
Yes, but you are so unholy.
Well, I'm a holy man of unholiness, you know.
I mean, there's a tradition of that.
It's legitimate.
Not the fact that you're...
There's conventions.
I mean, you know, I go to conventions with other holy men of unholiness, unfortunately.
Like Anton LaVey or somebody?
Well, unfortunately, some of the best ones are dead.
Anton LaVey is dead, isn't he?
Anton's dead.
Koresh is dead.
Now, do you think he went to hell or purgatory or heaven or lumbago or any of those places?
Disney Land.
Disney Land.
How Guido said it best.
He went to Disney Land.
Oh.
Can't you see the Church of the Satanist guy in one of those weird teacup rides, you know,
like the Mad Hatter teacup ride or going maybe through Pirates of the Caribbean?
Actually, I'm sure there was a time when Anton LaVey went through Disney Land.
Yeah.
I've been to Disney Land.
That's before.
I mean, lots of people go to Disney Land sooner or later.
Well, Chad...
I thought it was really kind of boring and pink.
Well, you've got to go...
That hot center was cool.
What you've got to do is take the Mystic Tour like that.

I mean, you've got to go down there to like, you know, if you want to be a real Satanist
or a craft worshiper.
Yeah, you don't go to Amsterdam.
Chaz went to the Crossroads.

Chaz went to the Crossroads.
You don't go to Europe.
You've got to go down in the Mississippi Delta.
Well, I want to try to...
And dig your fingers in that mud and suck the brain right out of that mud bug.
Well, that's fine, but I just wanted to get high.
Well, we've got a true incident that he found right behind us.



We have Dr. Philo Drummond, the overman, who originally is from Tibet.
Princess We Are Doe, who is from outer space.
The queen of all the UFOs.
Pope Black, who is originally from America, and I'm from Texas, which is different from America.
We've got Father Pope Phil Monty, representing Northern England.
But not the South!
That's true. Remember Vicki Finn, your face is the London front.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Stan, why is he here? Can you tell us that, please?
Well, you know, friends, you're either on the saucers or you're off the saucers.
And he spent his $30 to Bob Dobbs. He's on the saucers.
Yeah!
You could be a complete loser. Ugly, stupid, mean, disgusting, heretic.

You could be a little bit of a nigger-lip.
And with strange sexual perversions.
Bob was still running for only $30.
And yet, Mother Teresa, for all the good she did in the world, she never spent $30.
She's burning in the deepest pit of hell. The devils are poking Mother Teresa.
And Princess Di. Was Princess Di so genius?
No! No!
No! When she suddenly was lifted up.
Oh, she was taken away. Oh, she was thinking about Mom? No, sir.
No.
She was thinking about her.
She was thinking about that bodyguard.
She was thinking about that bodyguard.
And look what happened to her. Now, is she in 1777? No.
She's being tormented and tortured by devils that got blown up by land mines.
Universal sick.
And what about Anton LaVey? Is Anton LaVey? Is he still alive?
I don't know.
I don't know if Anton LaVey ever was on our mailing list or not.
He had his own cult.
Yeah, he had his own. He's more like, I think that he and Dobbs used to hang out at the cult leader convention.
Yeah, like David Courage.
Do you think he's on the guest list?
Jim Jones. Jim Jones.
Yeah, the $30 guest list.
Oh, you have to pay $30 to get it.
The Book of Life, my friend. Your name is in the Book of Life.
The Book of Life, yes.
Five Rocks, Five Old Drummings, name is in the Book of Life.
You bet.
You did sing your 30s.
I had my $30 cut off by Bob himself.
Whoa.
Well, friends, we're saved.
And that's why you feel this joy and confidence just oozing and gushing out of us, running down our pants, legs.
Oh, just look at that rug.
But you too can have the same thing for only that tiny 70 guilders, friends,
took that post office box in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Where the cowboys live.
Tumbleweeds, blow crosses.
Dabbleheads.
Wee-haw.
Orsi.
People are heeled.
Electri-eyes.
Electri-eyes.
And then, you got the streetcar.
And the race.
And the race.
We're anti-American.
We're going to subvert the conspiracy of America from the inside.
That's right.
We don't have to do it.
We speak their language.
But to destroy the concept of money?
Friend, you bring slack, it's going to take a hell of a lot of money.
And a lot of your prayers.
So, friends, I'm going to give that post office box to you to send all your murder and cash.
Tell us where.
Post office box.
Tell us where.
140306.
In beautiful Dallas, Texas.
With that zip code.
75214.
USA.
Praise Bob.
We're going to do it.
We can't wait to get back to America and destroy all family values.
Yeah.
And you can actually read that on the website.
They got a website called...
Subgenius.com.
Yeah.
Subgenius.com.
All you have to do is spell subgenius.com.
You're a .com, right?
Type in the word yes.
Yes.
We are in the book.
Subgenius.com.









Yeah.
Actually selling a word.
Selling what you actually always thought would be a word.
But we'll go over your act.
It's what we preach because we're not the kind of people who are preaching to Bob.
We don't understand it anyway.
Chitza, Chitza, do you have any doctor music there?
Well, I just, I'm just going to put in a song of the Duke of Ouk.
The Duke.
The Duke.
The Duke.
Clean up, vote, Ouk.
Ouk.
Duke of Ouk.
Ouk.
Keep him away from the peanuts.
Clean up, vote, Duke of Ouk.
O LIKE with Chuck Callie.
Keep the guy away from the peanuts.
Hey na na.
Hey na na.
Hey na na.
Hey na na.

Didn't know what time it was, the lights were low, ho-ho.
I lean back on my radio, ho-ho.
Some cat was laying on the walker.




Down to rock and roll, out of soul, he said
Then the loud sound, it seemed to fade
Came back like a slow voice on a wave of faith
There ain't no DJ, that was easy cosmic drive
There's a starman waiting in the sky
He'd like to come and meet us, but he thinks he'd blow our minds
There's a starman waiting in the sky
He told us not to blow, cause he knows it's all worthwhile
He told me, let the children use it, let the children lose it
Let all the children boo-boo
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
I had to phone someone so I picked on you
Hey, that's far out so you heard him too
Turn on your TV, we can pick him up on Channel 2
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Look out your window, you can see his light
If we can sparkle, he may land tonight
Don't tell your papa or he'll get us locked up in fright
There's a starman waiting in the sky
He'd like to come and meet us, but he thinks he'd blow our minds
There's a starman waiting in the sky
He told us not to blow it
Cause he knows it's all worthwhile
He told me, let the children lose it
Let the children use it
Let all the children boo-boo
Starman waiting in the sky
He'd like to come and meet us, but he thinks he'd blow our minds
There's a starman waiting in the sky
He told us not to blow it
Cause he knows it's all worthwhile
He told me, let the children use it
Let the children use it
Let all the children boo-boo
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah
Bah, bah, bah, bah
Bye-bye.
...dot-com.
Hey, praise Bob, and that's from the CD,
The Duke of Uke,
Ukulele Ladyland.
I don't care what you do,
as long as you're at the bad coit, the little butt plug,
or wherever you want to be,
providing that he's plugging a butt on Friday night.
I'm going to own bad cells down to the bad coit.
Bring yourself, bring money,
but bring everything along
at the butt...
plug.
We'll be bad if you're bad.
This is a book cassette tape.
It must be listened to on a stereo...
You're going to be as bad as you want to be, baby!
Oh, yeah!
We'll be bad because of the bad coit, bro.
You made me do that,
didn't you?
Oh, you're so bad.
I didn't want to do that,
but you made me do it.
You're bad,
you're a good person.
You should come make it count for something.
Come to the bad coit Friday night.
We'll help you,
and perhaps you can help us.
Mmmmmm.
Mmmmmm.
Mmmmmm.
It looks like there's about 37 of us,
but there's only three of us,
and we wear different costumes.
See?
If you can see the changes,
come along.
Friday night,
we have...
Wonder Man-est for you.
Oooh.
Come see Princess Wei and her PJs.
Ahhh!
Oooh!
You're never gonna get this offer again.
One time only!
Never.
Ahhh.
See this, and die.
Stumble.
Stumble.
Yeah.
Oh, anyway, this is, uh,
the end of, uh,
Het Programma
on Radio Patapool,
and we're gonna close off now,
and go into Amsterdam,
and get off this...
Get off this damn boat,
and...
...tourist.com-er.
Uh...
Take the second window on the right.
...right.
Keep your hat on tight,
your sack in the saddle,
and your head to the wind,
and I don't remember the rest,
but... have fun.
See you there.
...for 20 years.
The Judge Paul...
