Let me tell you something right now.
You keep talking, you're gonna talk your way right into jail.
The Self Genius Power of Science.
That's illegal.
Now just keep on talking.
Talk yourself right into jail.
The jails are full of guys that don't know when to keep their mouths shut.
The Self Genius Power of Science.
I was driving to a sanitarium, 25 Colorado Mass,
I sold it tonight to go out and get some booze, you know.
And I'm getting tired of the whole situation.
So I don't know, they better do something fast.
You take your time to talk.
And what happens to it's gonna happen to you.
All the people I meet and talk to, all the places I go,
no one's ever walked up to me and said, hey, you wanna buy some cigarettes?
Remember me, Ruben, in a little while.
I'm gonna drop my phone.
Put it in the toilet.
Walking in the sunshine, sing a little sunshine song.
Can't sit in the sun.
I'm gonna negotiate.
I did it.
You don't do the wrong, you feel terrible, like you're gonna die.
And I know all the reasons for it.
I know every single reason for it.
Then you have the basic honk.
And the goose honk.
I'll be giving to every adult in the service.
Where are Donald and that shoe?
Hello?
Just what you call it.
You're just able to pick it up in a hurry.
Yo, yo, yo.
I've been thinking about all day long.
Because every day becoming much more practical for my inspiration.
But I'm fascinated to know that.
No way could you get that happy face.
I'm feeling when you are stealing that extra ball.
Bob, what a relief.
How you doing tonight?
His name is Bob.
Bob is not the illegitimate son of Michael Jackson.
Take it from me.
Billy G is not Mr. Bob.
Come on, how many?
Come on, Bob.
How many posts do you think is good Michael?
Bob.
Come on, Bob.
Come on.
Will seven be enough, Bob?
They call him Bob Doves.
Yeah.
Bob Doves.





Yeah, I call him Bobo.
He was the leather man at a time when leather was nothing but wingtip shoes.
He led the way, brothers.
He was a lonely pioneer in those days.
Ah, the 50s.
I remember.
At first, a frivolous, sore-footed shoe salesman.
One day he was a tinkering with a television set of his own design when he messed around
with the back and got himself a huge shock through the coil that we call the divine immaculation.
But you know his very name was Bob.
Bob Doves.


He was a man with a little magic on his shoulders, sharp eyes, and eyes of magic.
Half human, half sprite, he saw the future and could transform himself into any form,
merely by conjuring up the image in his mind.
The great Dobbs used his mystical powers to aid the forces of righteousness, honor, and
virtue of the sultry, and to shape the splendid visions of his noble king, Stan.
But when the tragic end of Dovestown drew near, many say that the heart-sick Dobbs sought
refuge with a tiny teapot.
kid-leaning poodle.
She gave him comfort
and sheltered him in a tree
to rest safely until needed
by the show once more.
What's going on here?
Yeah, why don't we?
It's later than you think.
Aye, the terrible spittin' vengeance
of Bob's mighty staff
shall scour clean this planet
and the all-pervading radioactive pastiche
of his boundless supernatural love.
Wake up, open your heart,
drop your pants, close your mind,
and bend over because he'll be
kicking and taking names,
dear brothers and sisters.
He'll be struggling and gasping,
his face will turn blue,
then Bob will pitch over on the floor
in the grip of a massive coronary thrombosis,
and we will be there to see that event
and to record it for you.
And that's the way we like it.
As it was at the beginning of time.
A sore man will...
With a pop and a grin
All in the new morning light
Grinning...
Come on, sing along now.
Grinning with me like a mad man
He made me uptight
I told him don't bother me anymore
But he kept on just the same
Till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
He's so great.
Bob!
Bob is my story
Bob is my song
Bob's my amphetamine
All the day long
I won't tear my poster of Dobbs down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I behold him in Dobbs town
Bob is his name
He has no lack of his patent
And slag for those of his following fold
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks a gold
He's growing stronger and stronger
He'll get all the credit and blame
I'll be a big boy no longer
Bob is his name
Do do do do do do
Yes it is a sad affair.
My Bob's bigger than yours
My Bob's bigger than your big Bob
My Bob's bigger than yours
Watch out!
The Bob!
It's loose!
It's coming this way!
Back!
Back!
I created you!
Back!
Back!
After all, we are depending from J.R. Bob Dobbs' divine immaculation.
All information was revealed to Dobbs in this blinding way.


There was such a great flash of knowledge which occurred, as every true subgenius and every schoolboy knows, when he was working back in the 50s on an experimental television set of his own design.
He was messing around with the back of a TV set and it was suddenly immaculated.
Don't give it away. Don't tell them. Let them figure it out for themselves.
Bob arrived at the mountaintop location. He found the transmitter to be operating properly. Normally, it would return to the standard operating room...
Oh, you're giving away Church secrets.

This is me, it's me.
Don't listen to him, he's giving away tech secrets.
Don't listen, don't listen, don't listen.
Ohhhhh.
Wait a minute.
Does Alice figure in any of this?
Alice?
Alice? I don't know Alice.
Alice, Alice.
Ah, you're fading out.
You can't triangulate on your signal.
Speak into the rectifier.
Unfortunately, the visual and aural power
supplies are identical in appearance and even
I don't know how long this static storm is going to continue.
...he knows the high voltage contactor is stuck in the opposition.
I'm out of contact, he's out of control.
...he's got a high voltage.
He's got a mind of his own.
Bob was thrown by Peter Crosby
and that's what made conscious.
Yes, that used to happen a lot on the Puzzling Evidence Show.
Yes, that used to happen a lot on the Puzzling Evidence Show.
What do you expect from a radio station in Berkeley?
What do you expect from a radio station in Berkeley?
Like KPFA.
Of course, we don't have that problem here at Hour of Slack
because we don't have a radio station
What we have is a radio studio
What we have is a radio studio
high in this tree made entirely of
rock, stick, and beast
which is why it's called Tarzan's Radio Studio
which is why it's called Tarzan's Radio Studio
Our background music for credits tonight
Our background music for credits tonight
is the Psychoskeletons, a bit called
Cubist OCD Ritual

And now, a word from our sponsor.
Located in the basement of the Donut King Drive-In
is a new and unique dining experience
freeway close but far enough to work up
one heck of an appetite.
It's Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow
It's Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow restaurant!
Yes, Leg of the Crow, dining au naturel
nude and informal
as it was in Rome before the tourists came.
Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow
Restroom, where your host
Vincent is ever ready to tickle
your palate with a golden feather
and the bathroom's just a quick drop down the hall
And the bathroom's just a quick drop down the hall
Leg of the Crow, where the salads
tossed at you, not at your table.
And sharing dessert with a stranger
is almost a way of life.
And if you want to drink your dinner
and dunk your date,
there's a wine list that'd make a Greek burp.
Squeezed fresh at your table
in an aluminum thumbscrew,
just like Daddy used to do.
Whet your whistle with these fine selections.
Chablis, Beau Cholet, Nippon Cadet,
Cabernet, Sauvignon, and Pinot Noir,
red, white, blue, any year.
You name it, we print it, you drink it
at Vince Tomei's Leg of the Crow restaurant.
Conveniently located near the medical center,
color TV in every room,
phonetically translated real French menu,
food to go, and free doggy bags
supplied with every order of Vietnamese food.
At Vince Tomei's domain,
the crippled crow.
And remember, you only live once,
but you have to eat every day.
Hey!
A little bit louder, okay.
I guess this is the end of the night
where it's the new year,
and I should do a bit of reflection
over the last year.
You know, a lot of stuff has changed.
A lot of things are different,
and they continually keep on changing.
Sometimes that's for the best,
sometimes it's for the worst.
But I can tell you this.
2020 was a s*** and great year all in one.
2021 has won in it.
And if 2020 was a s*** great year but all in one,
maybe 2021 will be the best year ever.
I don't know, who cares?
We all just wake up and act like
we're just normal people anyways.
Like,
everyone acts like,
they just jump up and their clothes
are magically attached to them
like they're in some sort of video game.
No, that's not how it works.
You wake up and you walk around,
you go,
oi oi oi,
and aye aye aye,
and you just pop your pants on,
and then you go to work,
and you're super mad about life
until the caffeine kicks in,
and then you're like,
ah,
alright,
well, I guess this is my day.
I actually had a good day today.
I hadn't had a good day,
had, uh,
my conspiracy job in a long time.
And today was actually really great.
And it made me, like, wonder
what's gonna happen next.
Who knows?
Hello, Moonbase.
It's been a really long time
since we've heard from you.
Our diagnostic shows
response times are slow.
And you're feeling blue.
We've made a plan.
As best we can.
Are there any surviving technicians
that could lend a hand?
We'll send someone else
to sort this out.
We'll send someone else to sort this out.
Unless there's anyone on their own.
We have lots of work to say anyway.
That'll be something


for a week or two.
Hey, guys.
Well, who knew?
Times are tough
These days you've got to jump on opportunities
Just to make ends meet
But a fella's got to draw the line somewhere
For me, it was when those egghead scientists
Wanted to send me into space
They said the supercomputer that runs the whole works up there
Had gone catawampus on them
They needed me to take a rocket to the moon
And see if I could get it working again
Reboot it, they said
But here's what I told them
I won't work in space, no
I won't work in space, no
I just won't work in space
I'll work the land, I'll work it out
But I'll never work in space
I won't work in space, no
I just won't work in space
I said it before, I'll say it again
I'll never work in space
They didn't want to take no for an answer
But there it is
There's a set of rules that I live by
Rule seven is always return your shopping cart
But rule five is don't do work in space
I won't work in space, no
I just won't work in space
I'll work from home and burn the midnight oil
But I'll never work from space
I won't work in space, no
I just won't work in space
A lick of work never hurt no one
But I'll never work from space
Now I'm not proud of everything that went down after that
They really wanted to send me to the moon
Let's just say I didn't end up going to space and leave it at that
I won't work in space, no
I just won't work in space, no
work in space
I'll learn a trade
I'll toil away
but I'll never work in
space
I won't work in space
no I just
won't work in space
I'll bust my
buns and still have some
fun but I'll never
work in space
I won't work
in space no
I just won't work
in space
I'll swab the deck and write
some scripts on spec
but I'll never work in space
they say
we live on forever
but
in the hearts and memories
of those we know
but I don't have a heart
and I've got programs
that have a soul
but my memory
and soul are valid
and I'll be stuck
for the past forever
but I'll never work in space
but I'll work in space
for the past forever
if it involves vehicles made by Earthmen.
Before that, we heard a little commentary by Reverend Negative
and some classic Firesign Theater from their first radio shows.
Hey, I just thought of something.
Why are butts hidden behind us?
Why can't we have butts on both sides?
Sure, that's like eyes in the back of your head.
...into even the purest research.
These mud-gobbling giant worms, which live on the edge of volcanic vents...
...gorging themselves on massive, huge piles of mud.
Just like those tremor worms.
Just like the ones in Dune.
This mud is wet.
This is truly wet mud.
Not like the kind of mud we used to have back when we were kids.
It was dry mud.
We used to have to make mud pies and make them stick together.
We had to...
...spit on them.
We'd, like, have dirt in one hand and a big pile of spit in the other hand,
and we'd, like, roll them together until we had us a good mud pie.
And that was the only thing we had for moisture back in those days.
Just spit.
We didn't have candy back then, either.
We had to just take a bag of sugar
and carry it around a big old five-pound bag of sugar in our back pocket,
a big old tablespoon.
And when we needed some candy,
we just stuck it into the bag
and just took about four or five big tablespoons,
shoveled it down,
and that was all we had for candy back in those days.
Each one genetically engineered to make a difference.
This shit is RNA.
Now, when a worm dines on one of these babies...
You gotta have...
Those worms have to have lamps to see underground
when they're eating through the dirt like that.
They carry little, like, little monitor's helmets
that let them mind...
They're chewing through the dirt.
They're chewing, chewing, chewing, chewing.
Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp.
They chew away, chew away, chew away, chew away, chew away, chew away.
Oh, I can't see where I'm going, said Mr. Worm.
And he looked ahead, and he had his little pointed yellow helmet on,
shining the way into the back of the goose, as it were.
The end of the goose is flying.
They thought it was a reptile, but actually it was a bird.
It was a bird.
Which is more than 27 feet.
They found that it was only a simple bird.
It was a bird-like reptile bird.
Its body was only the size of a goose.
And yet its wings were 900 feet wide at their widest proportion.
27 feet, or 30, actually.
Where is Bozo?
Larger specimens recently discovered.
It's the Twinkie Bike.
What a wonderful, wonderful Twinkie Bike.
And so the Twinkie Bike headed out into the desert,
carrying the little show people.
They asked me about Twinkies on my show.
And they asked what the ingredients were.
Of course, all I could tell them was golden sponge cake and creamy fillings.
That's all you need to know.
You don't need to know anything more.
That is all on earth you know and all you need.
We'll enter that in the computer.
Golden lime.
That's good enough for Thor.
That's good enough for me.
The United States of Spots.
Creamy sauce.
Whipped.
Yes, little caller, you have won the United States of Spots.
Throwing everywhere in the valley.
As we continue to look for your requested songs,
squeezing the commercial songs of the United States of Spots.
Within the confines of its donut-like home.
Thank you, Philo, Hal, and Doug.
Other Doug.
Did you know that at one time, very early in its history,
the Church of the Subgenius was one-third Doug's?
In its first month,
basically, anyway,
eh,
from the new collection of old Fireside Theatre stuff,
Dope Humor of the Seventies,
here's one of my very favorite bits,
from the Dear Friends show and album...
It's Phil Proctor, mostly.
It's all Bluffed from top to bottom.
Here's Pat Bluff, former Governor of the State of Arizona,
who's with us on our show,
Policeman Meet the Nation.
Yeah.
Pat?
Just, it's just to me, studying it,
it looks like the whole system just,
of life is bluff.
A man just bluffs himself out of the cradle onto the floor, just bluffs his legs into
carrying him around when he gets sick of crawling, and he gets to it and yaps and bluffs his
mama into carrying him.
Hey, Sam, can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
What does that mean, what you just said?
I didn't understand a word of it.
It's poetic.
I worked it all out over 65 years.
That's a distillation.
It's all bluff.
That's a distillation of 65 years of philosophy, Sam.
Ain't no difference, young nor old.
We just start right in to bluff somebody from the first, if it's only to yap when we're
brought into the world as if we hate it, and what's kicking to get out of it quick?
Sam, look at that fellow over there, right?
Yeah, he's Cornyn.
He's just gotten to Cornyn, right?
Yeah.
Hey, look at him.
Ain't that the biggest bluff of all?
Well, I think he gets right along with some female girl.
He pitches her some yawns and some yams about himself, such a thing as the blush of the
shame to the features of George Washington.
Yeah, he makes her believe he's just what every fellow of her sense knows he ain't,
and she bluffing herself.
Like mad, bluffs herself into believing she believes what he believes.
She believes what nobody else believes about him, that he's filling her up with truth,
see?
Now I understand what you're saying, Sam.
Now you're talking university talk.
Think about when they have kids, then.
The kids come along, right?
And he's got to bluff harder than ever.
But kiddies take a heap of bluffing, Sam.
They do.
They sure do.
Let's say you got six of them.
You have to bluff six times as hard, then.
I know.
It drains every ounce of laugh force out of my body.
You have to buff their shoes, make sure they're shining.
Shine their head so the planes will see them.
Not land on them.
That's right.
I had a plane land on two of my sons yesterday.
You did, eh?
Makes me laugh, too.
I saw it.
Well, they're just plane kids.
Yeah, that's right.
Passing plane came right by, took the top.
Well, go ahead.
Anyway, you go on like this, Charlie.
Like I've been going on.
Like you've been going on till death gets around, see?
That's all right.
You're sick.
Coughing.
Sick and coughing.
Coughing is the word.
Right.
You can't bluff death, which is the reason you got to get off the earth.
When you're fixed that way, other folks come along and bluff you, see?
What about your friends?
Sam, your friends go around and tell you that they're, you know,
sorry, and the kids come and they make you feel like you've treated them bully
and acted sugar and square with them.
The gal you bluffed in the marem, she gets around and snivels.
The doctor bluffs, the preacher bluffs, the president bluffs, the snifter bluffs.
Then death gets a drop on you.
Yeah, yeah.
You go right down on that.
Right down on that.
Everything's bluffed, sir, till you get up again in the muzzle of a gun like this.
Then your thumbs get up quick and you bluff yourself that bluff is one of them things
you'd hate like poison to hand out to a blind mule, whatever that means.
Yeah, right.
But you agree with me, don't you?
Because I got a gun on you.
You got a finger on me.
I respect a finger more than I respect a gun.
That's the point.
You can stick my eye out with that, but I've never seen anybody hurt with a gun.
I pointed you with this sharp fingernail.
Yeah, with a heavy ring on it, too, so I really respect the heavy ring finger.
All bluff.
Yeah, right.
That's the ring of doom, though.
I know that.
I know that.
You're bluffing.
You're bluffing.
The Church of the Subsemiest has revealed that the world will end on to a fifth.
1998.
Prepare yourselves, therefore, and send one dollar to subsemiest.com.
The legions are growing.
My name is Legion, and yours is...
Hey.
Yours is...
Is Mr. Legion here?
Sir, you're...
Pageant Mr. Legion.
Did you say your name was Legion, sir?
No, I said my name was...
Repetition is the key to the bandaged head.
Repetition is the key to art.
Repetition.
Is the key to redundancy.
Repetition.
It is the key to learning and to dubstown.
And as the great gates open up and the high priestess ushers Dave in...
They chucked down there.
Millie and I, that woman greeted us at the dock.
She was wearing a lei and a sauna dress.
And she said she was related to the great light singer, Ema Sumac.
If you could imagine...
She was a little bit of a
queen to the mug.
One hundred percent.
But they said they were going to still have to do a few things.
So she led us around.
We had a few eggnogs.
We stood and watched the trees burn.
And then we entered the actual...
Center, center, center, centaurum of Dombstown itself.
It was beautiful.
Look at those gigantic sculpted statues carved from the native volcanic rock.
Oh my god.
They look like famous subgenius radio personalities.
What's left, Dinky?
What's that bald-headed one?
That's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And look at the trees.
And look at the one with the giant lips.
They're all blue.
I've never seen a blue tree.
That's Dances with Rockets.
And...
And that really handsome one.
Isn't that supposed to be Reverend Stag?
But the gutters are lined with silver.
And the...
The mountain itself, by god, I just realized.
It's carved into a gigantic dobs head.
Stang, Stang, you must come over here.
The size of ten Mount Rushmores.
What, what, what?
Try this chocolate phosphate drinking foam.
It's free.
It's...
Oh my god.
It's delicious and it's psychoactive too.
I can feel my...
I can feel everything.
I can feel my knees.
I can feel my sandwiches.
I...
I...
I can feel three sandwiches in my back pocket.
I can feel my...




What are you doing?






They're speaking to me, Stang.
They...
Learn...
Learn from the sandwiches.
Feel of your sandwich, Dave.
Feel of it.
On and off the road to Bob, we are marching forward blind.
He has gouged out both our eyes, and he's laughing closed.
In his shoes.









He will sell us back our eyes When we join his noble plan
For just nineteen ninety-five And a taste of our woodland
On and off the road with Bob He has handed us the wheel
And he cuddles up with Bob As he counts himself a field
Our eyes are on him And we'll follow him

On and off the road But Bob forgot to say
That the steering wheel went bust The road carries us away
On and off the road for Bob
We forgot why we came here
We have quit all of our jobs Like a headlight frightened deer
He has lit the sacred pipe And he's smiling at us now
On and off the road he's Bob
He's our bull dada We all need him now
That hurt Bob! Bob where are you? Stop it Bob! Please!
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy doing all the voices on his song
On and Off the Road with Bob.
Incidentally, in his fake life, Bleepo is a character actor in Los Angeles named Bill Cates
and he's really good. And if you want him for a paying movie or show, I can put you in touch with him.
Before that, we heard a little ESO Swamp Radio with Professor Chas, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
But now, Puzzling Evidence offers a mental exercise for dealing with a very poorly recorded sermon by the late Dr. Laguille.
The very idea of offing yourself because of some stupid little problem like that makes me think, well, what is a problem that's worthy of killing yourself?
So what I want you to do is imagine that you're in the car with the windshield wipers going
and you're listening to this religious show on the radio.
Okay.
And you're wondering to yourself, who are these guys?
Gotcha.
Okay, I'm there. I'm driving.
I'm beginning to visualize now.
Oh, what? Don't take your eyes off the road, though.
And now I can see it. I can see it. I can begin to see the beginnings of it.
And...
Tranks and tucks and such.
Tranks and tucks and sumch. Yeah, that's the kind of stuff we used to listen to on the radio back in the old days, driving around Texas.
The, you know, Texas. I understand that Texas is about the size of Iraq.
Really?
Yeah.
Is that true?
So when they say, go ahead and see if you can find some nukes, my test would be, well, let's go see if we can hide a suitcase full of nukes in Texas somewhere and say,
now go see if you can find it. We only have the whole state of Texas to do it in.
You know, I think that...
That would work.
You could build an invisibility chamber if you had to and put it into the...
Hide it in Texas?
And hide it in Texas.
You could put up by Amarillo next to Cadillac Ranch and then...
I'd take it out to the...
They just wouldn't see it.
To the Texas Triangle, which is kind of like a different version of the Bermuda Triangle, but on land in Texas.
Oh, okay.
And I would just put it out in the middle and it would disappear.
Wow.
Until...
That's like the playa out there.
I needed to find it.
You like them young, Bob?
How old were you when you met Bob?
Bob is innocent.
It's like they're trying to fulfill a twisted sadomasochistic fantasy.
Some people derive sexual pleasure through...
Inflicting physical, emotional abuse.
Oh, God, no.
No, I swear to you.
Bob didn't do anything like that.
Bob's cold, manipulative.
Bob is innocent.
Bob tells you how to think, how to feel, how to act.
Without him, you're worthless. Nothing.
Bob is innocent.

If she knew Bob was involved, she would have confessed.
Bob didn't do it.
Bob is innocent.
Bob went to medical school for two years.
Maybe Bob did this without you knowing.
Maybe everybody think the same way.
Perhaps it's better to enjoy a moment.
Family is quality, true agreement.
Yet, you seem afraid of those who first really…
…dad?
Do we have a
Debugu
don't we ask?
Debugug is.
I don't know.
Maybe Bob's not a sadomasochistic thrill killer.
Maybe he's just an asshole.
Probably. This is the only asshole we've got.
Bob is innocent.
Bob is innocent.
Bob was right about you all along.
No!
Oh, damn it! Don't lie to me!
Bob is innocent.
Maybe Bob's not a sadomasochistic thrill killer.
Maybe he's just an asshole.
Probably. This is the only asshole we've got.
Bob is innocent.
Bob tells you how to think, how to feel, how to act.
Without him, you're worthless.
Without him, you're worthless.
Without him, you're worthless.
Without him, you're worthless.
Bob is innocent.
Without him, you're worthless.
Without him, you're worthless.
Bob is innocent.
Bob is innocent.
Bob is innocent.
What were you when you met Bob?
Cooking After Dead
Ahab had it coming.
He just wouldn't acknowledge it.
He refused to believe
that he could be swallowed whole like a gnat, swimming to the edge of the beer glass, hoping
for escape and one last drink, refusing to accept his fate.
Ahab was farsighted, to be sure, and the eyepatch to cover his missing eye did not improve his
outlook.
However, determination was his, and he shall have this giant thing, bigger than his own
ship, if only he could catch sight of it.
The whale is patient, pacing and calculating.
Four!
Forward, men!
Forward!
The captain yells, pushing the boat further away from its prey, aimlessly chopping the
waves like the only seen on TV onion chopper in 1999 with free shipping which the cook
is in fact using below deck to prepare what is to be the crew's final meal.
But don't get ahead of yourself.
I'm sorry.
I'm the captain.
I'll take care of it.
Well, there's a bunch of water and the ship's floating on top of it.
And look out!
There's a big damn whale!
The near-sighted whale was merely coming in for a closer look.
Ahab grabs the big damn whale and takes it off the boat.













biggest pointy stick at hand and jabs at the mighty curious beast's eye.
The sharp object does not penetrate through the custom crafted contact lens provided by
lens crafters in return for a cameo in the dramatized remake of actual fictional events
that may or may not have happened.
The whale nicknamed Toby submerges and swims on.
Ahab plunges his spare sharp stick into the deck and loudly declares,
Well, what's for lunch?
Good question.
That was the entity called Sheridan telling the story of Toby Dick versus Captain Ahab.
The weird spooky music before that was an old piece by the El Queso All-Stars that fell
through the cracks sometime in the past.
In fact, I found it down in a crack.
And we'll listen to a most challenging instrumental also by the El Queso All-Stars after this
word from our mentors.
You couldn't have felt worse with no sleepers.
You couldn't have felt any sleep at all.
Yes, morning finds you limp as a rag and blue as indigo.
How you dread to face another day, achy, dull, yes, only half alive.
You feel and act like an old, old man.
Yet, strangely enough, the cause of your rundown condition is simplicity itself.
Yes, friends, simplicity.
And to take care of your simplicity problems, to restore you to full vigor and health, take
athnesia with Pluto Water.
Good afternoon, friends.
I'm Charles Blank from the United States Census Bureau.
Are you the janitor of this building?
Yes, I'm Mr. Harris, the janitor.
Mr. Harris, is apartment three vacant?
Or is someone there?

No, I'm living there.
What business is this of yours, Mr. Blank?
I see.
I have to fill a questionnaire for the apartment, even though no one is living there.
Can you answer a few questions?
I'm not talking to anybody.
Is apartment three intended for year-round or seasonal occupancy?
You nosy bastard.
Take your phone and get out of here.


Is it for rent or for sale?
You're not getting anything out of me.
I don't like your look.
Would you stick to that?
How many living quarters, occupied and vacant, are at this address?
Hey, are you a stuck record or something?
Don't you understand?
I'm not giving you any of these questions to answer them.
Does apartment three have complete kitchen facilities?
Hey, Janet!
Complete kitchen facilities are a sink with piped water, a range or cook stove, a kitchen

sink and a refrigerator.
Is it for that unit only?
Or are there rooms for another house?
How many rooms are in apartment three?
Do not count bathrooms, porches, balconies, foyer halls or bathrooms.
Hey, Blank.
Hey, you giving my friend Harry any trouble?
Is there hot and cold piped water in this building?
Let's throw him out.
Does apartment three have a flush toilet?
Yes, and you're going right down it.
Come on, Renate!
For apartment three only or a flush toilet?














Yes, millions of men and women are in the same lamentable plight today.
And not one in ten can guess the cause.
That's the insidious thing about amnesia.
It drags you down, slows your mind, robs you of your joys and pleasures, yet you hardly
realize that you're slipping.
You're right, Roy.
Isn't that true?
The eye of light is looking right through you.
God bless you.
You know, the folks at French Lick Springs Hotel in French Lick, Indiana, that's America's
greatest health retort.
The home of Pluto water.
If you can call that a home, Ray, the light's shining.
Go.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
You know, we have two excellent golf courses down there.
Three?
Splendid.
No, only two.
Ah, but the eye of light sees three, Ray.
It sees three.
Ah.
Wonderful, wonderful golf courses.
I see.
I see.
I see.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
The power's coming up through the table.
Splendid, splendid riding facilities.
You're a weird pastor.
Ride.
Ride on.
I'm on you.
I'm with you.
Ride.
And lots of outdoor amusements are provided.
Yes.

But God's looking down on everything you do outdoors, friend.
That's true.
That's true.
God's got his eye on your eye, so watch out and keep going, Charlie.
Carry an umbrella.
Decide right now to turn the tables on old man gloom, huh?
Turn them upside down.
Take Pluto water every morning for ten mornings.
Yeah, my golly.
Yeah.
And see a new world in ten days.
See two new worlds, dear friend.
Two new worlds.
You're gonna need to.
Down, Pluto.
Down.
Larry.
Well, by golly, God said...
Look, Pluto's making more water.
Huh?
Excuse me.
That's okay, St. John.
And God said...
This is when I was with God in Miami.
He said, uh, Harry, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it.
Do you know what subdue means?
What?

Uh...
Is it like sublet?
Hey, Harry, is that guy down there asking you questions again?
No, dear friends, janitors of all the lonely houses in the world.
I know you've had your bad times, and I know you've had your good times doing things you
didn't understand.
God bless you, Pastor.
But things are changing, friends.
The eye of God is looking down upon you right now.
Who asked you, Pastor?
Look him back in the eye, dear friends.
I can't see.












Either can God, dear friends, because love and radio is blind.
Don't blink.
Don't blink, dear friends.
My radio's on the blink.
My radio's on the blink, dear friends.
God, I love your eyes, Father.
Eye, just one eye, the eye of love, spelled I, the letter I, without the letter...
What could we do, dear friends?
And remember, friends, it's been brought to you today by snifters, humorous napkins,
hot trays, cassette narcosters, and...

Fun warmers.
Drop earrings, finger scarves, gavels, and sash buckles, shredded cellophane and parchment
scraps, squeeze toys, mechanical toys, blow-up women, and extra parts.
With each time you roll around, yourasi, 꼭umputis will catch fire!
New
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's go."
Let's go.
So we're going to do Sympathy at The Divival.
We'll have the biggest Dobbs head in the world and
Einstein secret orchestra doing Sympathy for the Devil.
In front of the Dobbs head painting by Jesus with the blood
of virginsmes ascend.
We'll be flitting all over the stage and we'll be chopping the heads off Christians to the beat of symphony for the devil.
Hope you get my day.
This was printed in the Bible.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I was puzzling you with the nature of my game.
Oh, yeah, baby.
I watched the glee white kids and queens walk the tender cage.
For the night they were there.
I shot down who killed the Kennedy's.
When after all, it was you and me.
Let me please introduce myself.
I'm a man of wealth and taste.
I ain't trapped for troubadours.
Who can kill before they reach my face?
Johnny.
We are Baltimore.
I better beAAAAA Dodam.
I've always thought I was жеthereall g freezer on a ride
As the melody will die, it will ohheee.
So who can kill me?
is responsible for this auto carnage?
Of course.
He has a fleet of limos now
that carry him all over the country.
Mm-hmm.
And those damn hillbillies
who work for him
just love to crush little creatures on the road.
Yep, that's what they do down there.
They don't have any room at work for staying
and crush little critters on the road.
Yee-haw!
That's what we say here.
Who is this?
Well, I don't know.
You're playing the record.
I was asking the trailer brides.
Yeah.
Oh, great.
Those little trailer twists
certainly turn me to...
one of those beach events this evening.
They will?
Of course.
Well, that's a different...
puts a different complexion on the matter of...
Nice foundation.
...other black tie with my suit on.
And now we have the slow dance for you,
those of you that are couples.
Yes, with that slow eye...
This is the mop-up, the motor oil on the dance floor.
We'll mop up the motor oil with these dancers.
God bless them.
In a 72-hour dance marathon
for the Subgenius Youth Outreach Program.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
It's the first time we can be so executed at a roller coaster.
I know, it's the first time.
Miriam, she's going to be so switched.
I didn't know she'd be so switched everyday.
Come on.
late an ounce of gasoline out of it.









Here I go, go on.
Here I go.
As is the mode to deal with girls here we go.
The action is not what people 오
want, profile the audience regionally.

They sound different, they're so different.
With me here you look at a certain change in the relationship,
which will give you awareness.
It must be springtime back in Arizona.
The lights are going out in the city.
The long day wanes, the slow moon climbs.
Lights are going out all across this country.
Our freedom in chains slowly suffocating.
You ask me why I love her?
Give me time.
I'll explain.
Have you drifted on a cold fog drifting over Kansas, sir?
Bayou over San Francisco Bay?
Have you heard the bellow of a Bob White calling in the diesel in the Appalachian mines?
Look with awe and wonder drifting way up high where men who braved a hard new world
were born.
Have you ever stepped on the diesel in the city dock?
Do you think of them when you stroll along a rock way high?
Have you seen the mighty teet?
Have you seen an eagle roll along Missouri's shore?
Have you felt it rage along the shore?
Is the word why a mayor reef?
From Alaska's Everglades to Maine, my heart runs out.
My pulse rise fast.
The mind of her domain.
You ask me why I love her?
I've a million Appalachian mines.
My beautiful Appalachian mines.
Beneath God's wide old fog sky.
And found my moon from shining sea to sea.
최근
And so we come to the end of this broadcasting day.
That was Bob Shed on Me by the great Lee Murr.
All 1,815 hours of slack.
Are downloadable from subgenius.com,
where just the front page alone can take you to worlds you never dreamed existed.
Worlds, like the book of the subgenius.
Neighbor World by Lone Cow Dave.
Eyelash, our new subgenius sci-fi novel.
Eternal Salvation in the form of the huge subgenius ministerial ordainment kit.
T-shirts, fertility masks, stickers, pins, doodahs, gee-gaws, gimcracks,
and the six other subgenius radio shows.
And subgenius online forums and fleecebook pages, the number of which is too damn high.
Did I mention our holy church soap?
Triology soaps.
That's subgenius.com.
And now you must praise Bob.
