This is Doug Smith, radio operator. I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I'm in a bus! Like it!
No trouble. Get set, get going.
According, everything's going fine. No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase. It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by...
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of Salem on planet Earth.
The message is now live and available.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your time shall triumph!
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises.
Action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut.
The shortcut to Slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
This fear, the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.

And coming right back.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy and kind of personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
This is the Closed Cerebrovirus Podcast.
Welcome to the broadcast.
This is KNON 90.9 FM, Dallas, Fort Worth.
And this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Buck.
Pastor Buck, naked, and I are....
Oh yes.
So glad.
So glad to be back on the air in Dallas.
You know, because it's about time that this city got the word of Bob.
Because these are the end times, folks.
And the time's running out.
But in the meantime, oh, it feels so good to have the power.
The power.
The sheer power over men's minds that comes with this amazing and very difficult to technically operate.
You can hear me switching the little wellmans around here.
This is a completely digitally controlled show.
May I make a request of our listening audience?
Yes, brother naked.
Please do.
If any of you out there are DJs at this station,
and if you know where to find that Violent Femmes record,
where I can play Blister in the Sun on it,
I'd sure play it.
I'd appreciate it.
So give us a call at the station.
If you're a DJ here and you know where that record, Violent Femmes, is stashed.
And remember, folks, only on KNON can you hear the kind of, well, what you're going to be hearing.
Those other stations, those neutered stations, they can't take, they cannot take the uncensored word of Bob.
They thought that they might be able to use it.
But when they found the full truth, they couldn't take it.
Plus, they can't take it.
They can't take it.


So many edits and cuts, as you're going to be hearing on this show.
This will probably have more edits and cuts per hour than any other show in Dallas or possibly world history.
Also, we've got sports later, too.
Table sports.
That's right.
Sports and a lot of music and media barrage tapes and lessons in Slack that will bless your heart and anoint your gland.
And right now, I think Pastor Naked, if you're ready with the band over there,
is going to play an inspirational...
song okay here we go and this uh this song is uh would you like us to play uh bob is leading me
i know uh whatever you want thank you bob i think okay we'll do thank you bob now then
all right okay buddy you ready all right
thank you bob for cleansing my memory
for helping me
and bob i'll follow you our way that's right until that next day
thank you
for sending them pills
thank you
bob for finding me willing teenage girls
i'll follow you always
that's right bob until that next day
bye
bye
bye
, say from bob in the room that you told me about things we're going to do together living at Jack in the Operation, . Just beware. I think we may have a few things to talk about before we get to your ketchup cup, let me know. I've always thought at all of the time and whatnot. Do you want to hear about it? No, we've been talking for a while. I'd rather be sadder, moreated into nostalgia question, 47 nineties. б Here
uh yes
ah yes dear friends
and uh let's see
that was uh thank you Buck
that was a beautiful hymn and that did
anoint my gland
I must warn everybody that I have
a cold tonight it's sort of a
it's the subgenius virus
and anybody who
hears my voice
while listening has a chance that you
may catch it it depends on what kind of radio
you have and whether you're in the car
but you should be in headphones if you can
get your headphones on and your tape decks ready
if you're the kind of person that tapes
stuff that you can't ever hear any
other place because there are going to be some
stereo rampages
and uh audio whip arounds
unlike anything you've ever heard
some pretty abnormal material
coming up here so uh first thing up
this is uh we got a
we got this record in the mail from this
this guy named Zug's
Rift Zug's Rift
in Los Angeles
this is some of the most
beautiful music I've
ever heard
rock with me
do the hourly thing
do the hourly thing
do the hourly thing
do the hourly thing
time to put it away and move on to a new
type of
it's so dead to me
it's no laughing matter
it's no laughing matter
that's as if I'm willing to make value judgments
which I'm not
it certainly ain't no permanent
solution
oh she got home
who knows when another one
will come along
I can't stand no
I'm not going to stand
you're the master
you're the master
you're the master
you make me cheese
cut me no
not that I need to say anyhow
it's the voice of the
it's the voice of the
it's the voice of the
you're the king of the jungle
difficult insignify
walls
big walls
that it's be
like what
that it's be like





lubrica
You are fat!
What will I do?
You're fat as a possum crab, Jocko!
That was so in the previous video!
Then it never begun!
They're a ladies present!
I found an again for the first time!


Sit down!
It's a pleasure to be here!
This is a replica of a real fan!
You are proud of me!
I think you are going to ruin it!
You know why I have money!
You know that!
You're trying to steal it for the morbid curiosity!
I don't know what I'm doing!
I'm trying to make a meter wave!
You're not going to make it!
This is not going to work!
What is this shit?
Why do I have to hear this?
He's his mom!
Great!
He's the one who lost it!
It's all in you, honey!
It all comes to life!
Welcome to my worldly treasures!
Where did you get this whole thing?
You were holding this all day!
It's because you're sick!
They say there is no in between!
Afraid of heights?
But then you're too far gone!
I'm wide open!
Time to cut off your allowance and make your life a little dangerous!
You're asking me to change it, aren't you?
We're all in this together!
Time to slip into something more comfortable!
None of them are monthly rates!
This is if the money is really in your hands!






No, they never happened.
Getting harder to swallow.
Maybe you just find it pertinent to the execution
of your duties.
Bad day at Black Rock.
You thought you could foresee what was to transpire.
But you're just beating around the bush.
No, Dizzy, Dizzy, how do you imagine?
Something's moving inside.
It's a sure thing, Daddy-O.
Time to settle.
Rustle us up some grub.
I just discovered I'm gonna die once more.
I'm not too crazy about more of you.
I can't remember being dead before.
But remember, the end of the world may be much worse.
.
And take much longer than you thought.
The mere act of sitting in your home watching everything
fall apart on TV may be too much for even the stoutest brains
to take.
In fact, the more alert and intelligent you are,
the quicker you'll likely be driven to suicide
by the sheer hideousness of what you'll be seeing.
Will you be ready?
Will you still be safe?
Will you be sane enough to laugh when that which must come to pass comes to pass?
Will you ever get slack?
Break out of that glass box.
And join the Church of the Subgenius.
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the Constitution,
anything is likely to develop.
Enter the Church of the Subgenius,
billing itself as the weirdest cult on Earth.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
. Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired
throughout his long and slackless history.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
Bob founded the Church mainly to help unmask the conspiracies.
And we're talking about the conspiracies.
What's that?
Just believe in the power of the dogs.
I believe.
Believe in Bob.
I believe.
Reach out for him.
I believe.
Feel the healing power.
.
.
Oh, calm acts.
He will leave us.
There they go.
.
.

It says there's one, both and two.
Now hear why that.


the carrying of power r three radies.
Grrrrrrrrr.
.
I believe God is amazing.


. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .ıyor
That's what the conspiracy is all about.
The conspiracy is a patchwork of different things.
Some are nations, some are products, some are hypnotic television shows, some are bad pills.
You'll find this if you find Bob! And you better find Bob right now!
And no one has ever met Bob. The leader of our church, no one has ever met.
Because as you know, all cults, their leaders are usually pretty hard to find.
And Bob is no exception.
Bob will help you. Dig your own weirdness.
I was getting messages in the back of my brain.
And I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
They said your mind is in this jar and then they poured it down the sink.
So geniuses are the class of people who can't be classified.
Bob has taken rhinos on the street and turned them into millionaires.
By the same token, he has taken millionaires and given them the slack they always needed all along as rhinos.
We are the first non-tax exempt church around. We're the first industrial church.
And we're not disputing any of your belief systems because we believe in just about every one of them anyway.
Wow.
Got it dead center.
Those primitive peasants didn't believe our story.
But they believed it when the mushroom cloud blasted them off the island.
And we've got to ask you about that.
By the time I asked him, I asked him, why are you alive?
Whoa!
Hold on to the phone.
Scared away that caller. Come on, guys, let's drive down Chattic Avenue real fast.
This station's hard to steer.
Check orange light sequence two.
Yeah, well, at least out here in Staten Island.
We're in a space where we don't talk about nothing. There's lots of continuity.
Check emergency override switch.
But don't worry, little subgeniuses.
This war that we're trying to start on the Earth right now isn't for you.
Oh.
More?
More book. More book.
You are absolutely amazing.
Yeah, I know. Want some more book?
I don't know.
It's got some nice big fat places you can just blast your fist right into it.
Holy crap!
Yeah, we paid for them bombs. Why couldn't we?
And we paid for the schools.
And we get the thrill of pushing the button.
That's right. If I paid for that school, how do you want it?
I'll blow it up.
Well, what if I go anyway and I can pretend?
You can.
Because, you know, after something's happened, all you have left is a memory, so you can just pretend and convince yourself.
Oh, I wouldn't worry about the memories none.
But then I won't have the Kodak.
No, it was just a dream. It was just a bad dream that, you know, you never went to school.
It was just a bad dream that, you know, you never went to school.
That would be awful.
And let's have an awful little song.
Your memory.
I think you didn't expect me to be listening tonight.
Your memories are fading.
I heard you guys came in.
Oh, your memories are fading.
I've got to wake up tomorrow.
Even as you speak, your memories are fading.
Oh, your thoughts are gone.
There are people floating about unregulated, you know.
They're not your own.
Everybody's floating around now.
Oh, your memories are fading away.
Now we're in the morning after the bomb.
Where do I come from?
You come from the show.
What am I doing here?
You come from the show.
The nuclear bomb.
You're talking!

I did not ever imagine the nuclear bomb would use anyive what was in my head.
I had that time.
I hope I did.
It was Music Station for ainterview.
Here I am, poultry flounder.
Was this my dream?
Yeah, a little tiny bomb.
And you had it?
Along the bridge across the river's bank, a makan stick found and whispering in the

Yeah.

Yeah, your memoriesstrong coffee.
Yeah, what song was in there?



It's drank with some real.

Come on, here.
Oh, Toad Deer.
Coming in There you go, kids.
What's that song?
We'll see you next time.
This is the spot.
Roll up to your crew for the art dress.
Beauty parlor.
At the nuclear beauty parlor.
Parlor.
You can curl up and die.
Everybody wants to curl up and die.
We just made an appointment for you.
You won't believe what we can do.
We can change your image and alter your genes.
Find out what permanent really means.
Acid wash and a fallout tint.
Nuclear waste.
You're soaking in it.
We'll give you that winning smile.
Who's that girl with the glowing dye?
What do you do for the art dress?
Beauty parlor.
At the nuclear beauty parlor.
Parlor.
You can curl up and die.
Everybody wants to curl up and die.
What do you do?
Roll up to your crew for the art dress.
Beauty parlor.
At the nuclear beauty parlor.
Parlor.
You can curl up and die.
Everybody wants to curl up and die.
Make sure you're in on the current rate.
You can be a star on a nuclear stage.
Radiate confidence all over town.
Look in the mirror when the bombs come down.
What do you do?
Roll up to your crew for the art dress.
I want to look great.
At the nuclear beauty parlor.
Parlor.
You can curl up and die.
Do you want to look great?
What do you do for the art dress?
Do you want to look great?
At the nuclear beauty parlor.
Up there, my child.
Up there, my child.

There dwells the one true God who created all living things.
There dwells the one true God who created all living things.
The true God, the moon.
The true God, the moon.
The new Antillius.
Bob is fill in the blank.
I am Bob. I'm not Bob.
You are Bob, we're all Bob.
We are all Devo, we are Bob.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you. He has to protect you.
Jehovah 1 says Bob will protect you.
If you send a dollar to the green.
And I have so much I would like to say, but I don't know how to say it.
So please bear with me if sometimes this doesn't make much sense.
It's realistic.
The second question is what?
What's happening?
Is this a miracle?
What kind of a miracle?
Is this a parable?
What's the point?
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio band at home, and we're going to look to God.
I love you, boss.

I'm going to date you if I keep moving.
I'm going to kill you.
All right, man, stop it.
Get moving.
Keep going now.
If the last 50 years made such a change, just imagine the New York of 1980,
when everyone has a number instead of a name,
and the government tells you whom you should marry.
Just imagine 1980.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
And people will have a number in their hands and in their forehead.
They'll be given a...
Okay, your code number once more.
237.
237, and you're calling from Dallas.
Okay, thank you.
And without it, you can starve.
I'm coming out of this.
Amen.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friends.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
Opium is still the primary plan that the United States has
for dealing with its people in the event of a nuclear attack.
There have been six cases of breast cancer,
one bladder cancer, and one throat cancer.
There's a God who is a God of love,
and there is a God who is a God of judgment.
Two sides.
Mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
And I challenge you to point out national talk shows
that do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity,
that they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle,
that they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God.
The Subgenius Foundation.
Yes, friends, this is one of those talk shows.
Pastor Naked here is...
Ted Stack.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Pastor Naked had to step out, and we've got Ted Stack is here
with some sort of a sacred sports report.
Take it away, Ted.
Thank you, Doug.
Thank you, Doug.
Yeah, Ted Stack with the sports.
And in the Table Football League,
the Dallas Assassins posted the first tournament sweep,
posted ever by the Assassins,
and the Assassins have won every game.
That was Friday night at the George Westby's Pub
that the Assassins entered.
The Assassins won the gold again,
the 10th career gold for the Dallas Assassins.
And the Assassins just looked tough the other night.
I'll tell you, I was watching the bowl myself,
and I just couldn't stand it.
Anyway, number two was the Midway Thing.
The Midway Things entered twice and come in second twice.
Then number three was the Mexican Mafia,
and number four was last time's champion, the EJ Express.
Back to you, Doug.
Thanks.
And what have we been playing?
At one point, you heard the Nuclear Beauty Parlor
by the Nuclear Beauty Parlor.
Beautiful song there.
And, of course, Zug's Rift.
And a little bit of Firesign Theater.
That was the wrong piece.
I wasn't trying.
At every step of the game,
I've stumbled over the equipment situation over here.
And it's great.
There is a path to slack.
And there's a path to slack in Terror.
And so we'll go back to the back once again
to what we originally wanted to play.
Thank you.
This is the chinchilla show.
No, they don't bite.
And, uh...
But then, as you know, chinchillas,
or mutated chinchillas like these,
blue mutants, we call them...
Is that because of their peculiar coloration, Brad,
that makes them so rare?
Uh, no.
They were first crossbred, or introduced, as we say,
by Alistair Blue, a munitions... a mutations expert,
who's been into the raising of these little sweethearts.
Oh, oh, oh, careful there.
Is he getting... is he getting away?
Uh, that's all right.
We got a lot more of them.
And they do that, and that's part of the fun of raising them.
And they're very clean, clean animals.
I wouldn't ask about that.
They're very clean.
And if they do mess, as we refer to it,
they'll do it in their little cages,
and it doesn't make any difference.
And they dig a little hole for it.
Is that what this one's doing here?
Can we... can we get a close-up of that?
No, no, no.
Oh, this one's just trying to get away.
That's... that's his mate over there.
That's the one they're trying to catch.
Oh, look at that.
They just caught it.
Oh, that's...
Our floor manager just told me they stepped on it.
Oh, that... that's a... that's a female.
That's a squirrel, as we say.
Those bright colors around the snout.
Nose rings, we call them.
They differentiate between them.
And, of course, you just cover them up with this nair guard,
and they won't breed.
They can't breed?
No, no, no, they can't breed.
There's one crawling up my leg.
But, seriously, Brad, Ken,
we want them to breed as much as possible,
and this guard is only used, of course,
when you're away on vacation, you know,
and it becomes inconvenient for them to...
Uh-huh.
Uh, Brad, now, how...
Let's go over to that demonstration you told me to go.
Oh, sure.
Well, I'm gonna show you how absolutely trouble-free
these little animals are.
Back here.
If you have kids like I know I have,
you'll want to watch this very carefully now.
We got a big close-up right there of the little animals.
If you'll just stay still here.
Now, I'm gonna put out this lighted cigarette
on this chinchilla now.
There.
Now, you...
See, you can see I'm just letting it burn there.
It doesn't harm the coat at all.
Oh, that's amazing.
Yeah, it certainly is.
Well, how...
It's still smoking there, right?
Yes.
Well, how is this possible, Ken?
Well, Brad, this chinchilla is entirely synthetic.
That's fantastic.
And with these little fellas raised in your spare time,
in the playhouse or the garage or the slaves' quarters,
you'll be making hay while the sun shines
and at midnight, too, with mutant flu.
Well, thank you. Thank you, Brad.
And you two little... What's his name?
He doesn't have a name. They're all his names.
Oh, well, thank you.
Just a moment. We'll tell you the numbers to call.
One, two, three, four.
Right now.
I am an antichrist.
I am an anarchist.
Don't know what I want, but I know how to get it.
I want to destroy passersby
because I want to be an addict.
No dog's body.
Anarchy for the UK.
It's coming sometime, maybe.
Give the wrong time, stop a traffic light.
Your future dream is a sharp and steam
because I want to be anarchy.
Here's a break, boys.
How many ways to get what you want?
I is the best when I lose the rest.
I is the best when I lose the rest.
I use the enemy.
I use A-N-A-R-Y
because I want to be anarchy.
Is this the N-P-L-A-R
Or is this the U-T-A
Or is this the I-R-A-L
I thought it was the U-K-R-J
Another country
Another country
Like a song
Cause I
Wanna be
Anarchy
Once again
Cause I
Wanna be
Anarchy
I get pissed
Wanna destroy
Hi girls, it's Pastor Buck Naked here.
Well, we just heard a cover by some friends of ours,
the Swinging Erudites,
of that famous Sex Pistols classic,
I Wanna Be Anarchy, or actually Anarchy in the U.K.
is what it's really about.
It's a great song.
It's a great song.
Well, I'm gonna tell you a little bit about our devival.
We're gonna foist on you at the Twilight Room.
It's called Circle A Ranch, for those in the know,
but most people think of it as the Twilight Room.
It's strictly in downtown Dallas,
right at about ground zero of downtown,
right at Central and Main.
So how more downtown could you get than that?
The scariest club in town.
The scariest club in town?
It's where the down-home-for-real people go.
That's right.
That's right.
None of this...
You see the Batmobile more often there than anywhere else in town.
That's right.
And we're gonna have us a devival down there,
the subgenius Scary Ball.
We got my band, More Drunk Cowboys,
Reverend Buck with More Drunk Cowboys,
and Doctors for Bob.
Hang on to your legs, kids.
That's right.
Doctors for Bob is gonna be there.
Plus, the Reverend Chastity Belt,
and I'm sure a lot of you folks will be wanting to see Miss Belt,
or Reverend...
Sister Belt.
Belt, I guess we'd call her.
She's gonna...
I think we can say...
Remember, this is a masquerade ball, disguises only.
This is the weekend before Halloween, October 26th.
Be there or be damned for eternity.
Yeah, that's right.
Mayhaps.
That's right.
And I'll tell you something else.
If I know who you are, when I see you, you can't come in
because you've gotta be in such good disguise
that even I won't be able to whiff you.
I won't even be able to smell who you are, much less see who you are.
So I want you to disguise your smell.
Your...
Your...
Your sigh stench, the stench of your mind.
I don't even want to...
Want to know how you think when you get in there.
I don't want to know how you look, and I don't want to know how you smell.
And I don't want to have to smell your thoughts with my third nostril that's behind the other two.
Because I've been to Dobstown and had the sacred surgery and had my third nostril...
Oh, yes, our jungle settlement.
...opened up, yes.
And it's becoming more like a city in the jungles every day, and they...
Oh, it's great to see all those young zombies at work.
They call me...
They call themselves zombies. That's not a derogatory term.
Zombies for Bob.
They stay bought. They bought the operation.
Some of them come back time and time again to be killed and reborn again in Bob, because it feels so good.
And re-killed. Re-killed.
Re-killed in Bob.
Burned in the fire of his mighty pipe. They let Bob smoke them.
You know, Reverend Stang, we've been talking about slack and, you know, taking a break here or there.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, when the word of the death of Bob came through, that one time when Bob was killed, it didn't last too long,
but Bob was killed in Frisco a while ago.
Well, he's still dead, Buck.
Well, he's still kind of dead, but, you know, his pipe came back anyway.
Yeah, Bob can't... I mean, just because Bob's body is in Lucite, preserved in Lucite at the top of some nameless skyscraper downtown...
...doesn't mean...
...his pipe lives on.
...that he ain't still watching you subgenius members out there, you members of the church, who think,
Oh, Bob's dead. Well, he ain't looking now. I can quit sinning. Oh, I can go get a job and work for the conspiracy, because Bob's dead.
Well, anyway, while that... while that...
...was happening, when Bob was killed, I was not in San Francisco where they killed him. I was in Malaysia. I was in Dobstown.
And, uh, right when the word came through, it was really eerie. I was flapping up in a little temple with some other ministers and, uh, you know,
folks who work in the temples, or sort of slack off in the temples, we should say, and it was weird. This big racket started up down the street.
We went to look what was going on, and when they heard that Bob had got killed, everyone started working.
Oh, it's a disgusting...
Yeah.
...it's a disgusting...
...it's a crooked and perverse nation, folks. And if you don't know what we're talking about...
Yeah.
...it's too bad.
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's too bad.
It's... because we're on the air and you're not.
That's right.
You can look at it that way.
Yeah.
And, you know, it's a crooked and perverse nation. Little girls...
You paid five bucks and we're getting five thousand.
Little girls, they... they take... they take... little girls and they... they make them dress up nasty, and you can see every little wrinkle, every line, and every little, uh, cleavage, everything.
And their parents tell them to dress like that in their schools, because they tell them...
It's because of TV.
...because they tell them it's... it's humanistic.
Well, it's gonna come a judgment, and the... the... the fish... the flying, stark fist of removal is coming down on this nation, and I'm gonna be glad, because I'm gonna be escaping into the escape vessel rocket ship, and y'all can fry for all I care, because I... I'm tired of y'all, and you don't want to hear about Bob...
Pastor Necker, let's get back to this, uh... let's get back to the inspirational side of the message here, and just quit bad-mouthing the lost.
Yeah.
We tend to...

We tend to preach to the saved all the time, and I imagine there'll be some people who may... if they listen closely to the... to the lessons that we're about to continue playing, they will get... they will be able to forge through the density of the mix to the incredible Captain Beefheart song, which we'll play at the end.
Oh, okay, but I... I'd like to speak to...
Oh, by the way, wait, one... one very important thing.
I do want to say this...
Go ahead.
...to the conspiracy dupes, though.
Please, don't stop me on the street tomorrow and start blaming all the troubles of the world on the subgenius church. I mean, you guys had your chance, so...
That's right.
...let's get real, okay?
Okay, this is KNON.
Okay.
90.9 FM in Dallas, Fort Worth, and this is another media barrage tape from the Subgenius Foundation. We'll be reading our address for information at the end of the broadcast.
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil. We are different, thanks to Jesus, the genetic engineering corporation of American states.
Mommy, too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No, son, but we're working on it. Round the clock.
Soon everyone will be a superior biospecies.
Wowee. I want to be a genetic engineer just like you, Pop.
You will, Virg, if you don't baggy. It can lead to photon confusion.
Don't baggy. For a healthier, happier biosuperior.
Hi.
Hey, Pop.
You say you're looking for excitement. And Rachel, isn't this opportunity a real nice place to raise the kids?
Well, explore more.
Well, explore more.
We're there already. Let's visit the world of the future.
World of the future.
Yes, this bustling world of a thousand moods reflects the dreams of its ambitious inhabitants,
dreams already realized of man's triumph over nature.
Where humans no longer suffer self-inflicted pains.
Where one is made to enjoy life.
All the signs point to serious health damage. There are no winners in a nuclear war.
The minute you have another war, there's not going to be any war left, I don't think.
Because we're going to blow up another species.
Because in this day and time, we don't know where we're going to come to.
There's not going to be anything left for the kids. I mean, there's not going to be a world left.
And we're all going to end up digging our own holes.
As soon as we dig them, they're going to fall in on us.
I don't think anybody would know what to do, even Austal, the President.
And only truth is, guns!
We're going to create our own reality.
If I had a gun, I'd create my own reality.
And what is the church's priorities? What's important to you guys?
Mainly the quest for slack.
The casting out of false prophets.
And controlling time. Those are our three main goals, I guess.
Slack?
Slack, slack is something we all need. Slack.
I know that lots of people out there listening right now are feeling a terrible shortage of slack.
A shortage that you can't get enough of.
That's right.
And we can help them to get slack, George.
Man, the world is filled with a bunch of kooky ideas and concepts about the Bible.
And I can't believe the weird things that people get in their heads and start...
Ashley Bob just uses me as an instrument.
That's what I like about the Word of God.
There's nothing fakey about this thing, man.
And you talk about telling it like it is.
See, it hangs the dirty wash right out the front bay window.
For everybody to see.
And you know they got the spirit of fire moving down in their soul, yeah.
The worst thing that ever happened to Johnny.
Alert, alert, alert.
Greetings, Bob.
Hello.
This is Bob.
Nice to meet you.
The following program is transcribed in Spanish for our Latin listening audience.
Atención, compadres queridos.
Habla Santo Antonio del culo a la mano.
Y tengo algunos nuevos muy importantes.
Escuchame bien.
¿Qué quieren ustedes en la vida?
¿Un auto nuevo?
¿O una mujer preciosa?
¿Un amante tan profundo y guapo?
¿Una casa grande?
¿Y una educación cariñosa?
¿Una casa de caras?
¿Quieren ustedes a cambiar su suerte?
¿O aprovechar en sus negocios?
Amigos y amigas, se puedan ustedes a tener esas cosas y mucho, mucho más.
Con facilidad.
Voy a explicar.
¿Conocen ustedes J.R. Bob Dobs?
¿Están informados con la iglesia del subgenio?
Yo pensé que no.
He's the one and only Bob.
He's the same Bob.
And Bob is not changed.
And Bob does not stop changing.
He come on down.
Yes.
These humans will not wake up.
Only the return of Jesus or intervention by some cosmic super intelligence can save us now.
And only Bob can bring about either one properly.
If you don't want to boil your brains in the zombie business corridors of empty pinkness or grinding poverty.
If you don't want to feel the meat cook off your bones in a nuclear.
Or you don't want to feel your oven that was once your hometown.
You'd better drop your mental candy bars and step out under the blinding light of the sun and make witness to what you really are.
Yes.
You'd better be ready to jump.
From the econocataclism of those who knew how to climb up the conspiracy job tree and better know how to climb back down again.
You're gonna be stuck up there when the heat rises.
Look around you.
The signs are everywhere.
The signs are everywhere.
The social patterns have already gone way too far.
The family is all broken apart.
Morals have degenerated into a venereal TV swamp.
Drug abuse and perverted sex are taught in schools.
Just like the Roman Empire before it fell.
Collapse is nearly total now.
It may become in the final few years will mutilate our children beyond measure.

And our wildest nightmares.
Yes, it's everywhere.
The money changers.
The beast.
The masters of pink.
Purveyors of all that is sheepish and soft in the world.
They're just setting us up for a massive 1984 white week resurgence.
Which in turn allows the great witch burning.
Look! There! We already have demon infiltrated normalcy shock troops.
Going by the hellishly ironic name of moral majority.
Good God! Are these supposed to be Christians?
They've got Jesus and the devil all mixed up.
Make no mistake.
Subgenius Foundation is with Jesus.
The fighting Jesus.
Not some long haired mush mouth.
We're with Brother Roll-Up and Free Enterprise in America.
We're no communist tools of Satan.
They, with their influence of God, are the ones who make Slack.
You're not, uh, yes.
You're listening to KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Fort Worth and Plano.
We've, uh, we do listen to your calls.
Hour of Slack is taking your calls.
We cannot take them over the air live.
This radio station is so fantastically powerful now.
The FCC will no longer let you cuss on the air.
But I've been listening to a few folks and I've got a few things to say over the air.
So please bear with me if sometimes this doesn't make much sense.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Herzen-Dude called and asked us if the, uh, subgenius church recognizes the Discordian church.
We have not only recognized the Discordian church,
but we've incorporated their entire belief system into ours.
And, uh, Reverend Stang, would you care to comment anything on Discordianism?
It's realistic.
It is realistic.
Okay. And, uh, also, DDT Agent called and, uh, offered to rip off, uh, the record Violent Femmes for me
because I've just gotta play that song Blister in the Sun for you.
If not tonight, then next week.
Remember, Hour of Slack is on 1130 to 1230 on KNON, the voice of the people.
But the DDT Agent...
Oh, fantastic things have already happened.
DDT Agent, I'd like to say to you, if you want that record in the record store, just take it.
It belongs to you. You earned it.
That's right. Legalize pornography and ban work, my friend.
This is because the planet on which you are residing has entered the space age.
Hi, hi, girls.
The farmer screams and breathes the sky off the mountains.
Ice sockets look down on the chest bone that always, in the sun, drop down.
In the moon, flannel.
His inmates and elders hear his chokes.
In all the commons, driving through the dust.
For fear they be seen.
In the sky turned white in the middle of the night.
In the sky turned white in the middle of the night.
And the big floppy boots started down into the ground.
And the red fire then took the boat, folks, into the hut.
You hope that hurt.
And the red fire then took the boat, folks, into the hut.
Ha!
The boots go down.
Ha!
The farmer jumped in a circle and went his chuck right down.
Ha!
The boots go down.
Ha!
Doe sit doe, the devil show show down.
He broke off his horns and climbed down the roof.
Through the fog.
In the farmer's flock he boots stomp down.

In the land he stomp down.
Rick's tails squamed, the hot lake kicked.
And the fire leaped and leaked.
Rick's tails squamed, the hot lake kicked.
And the fire leaped and leaked.
And when the boot came up the fire went out.
And hell was just an ice cube melting off in the ground.
The boat caught down, poked into the hoop.
And the boat caught down for the doodle-doodle-double-doodle-down.
And the boat caught down for the doodle-doodle-double-doodle-down.
Through the fog hung a holly, with standards of control.
Was that bunged-up bandage broken bone?
It fell in the wrong circle.
He had a sore red tail.
Once went red, now was pale.
Feet full of five-pound, he was summoned up from hell.
Rooted down a spell by a square-dancing farmer.
By a square-dancing farmer, well.
That old bum was sticking out his thumb when the farmer drew up.
Said, listen, son, in the horse can pat his hooves.
If you fall in my circle again,
I'll tan your red hat and dance you on your tail.
You from now to now.
Hit you from now to now.
And the hot lead kits in the fire are leaped and lit.
And the hot lead kits in the fire are leaped and lit.
And the hot lead kits in the fire are just leaped and lit.
And the hot lead kits in the fire are leaped and lit.
And the hot lead kits in the fire are leaped and lit.

Ah, yes, dear friend.
Okay, that was Stop Floppy Boots Stomp by Captain B-Part.
Saint Captain B-Part.
All right, now, I want to tell you all a few things.
First of all, that you're listening to KNON 90.9, Dallas, Fort Worth, Arlington.
And I'd like to say a few other things.
We've got some great shows on KNON.
You're listening to the debut of The Hour of Slack right now.
We're on 1130 to 1230 on Sunday nights.
By the way, Sunday is not the true Sabbath.
The true Sabbath is Wodan's Day, Wednesday.
That's right.
I would like to tell you all that we've got some other great shows.
The Dharma Wheel, which is on the weekdays.
I'm not sure exactly what time.
We've got a schedule over there.
He'll find out for me.
The Dharma Wheel, Robin's show.
And we've got Stare Hard, Saturday afternoons from 2 to 4.
And from 4 to 5, my friend Cave does a little thing called Audio Abuse.
And we've got a little promo for you to hear right now.
If you're bored of the same music day after day and need a change,
listen to Audio Abuse, Saturdays 4 to 5,
when you'll hear the best in hardcore and other alternative type music.
So listen to Audio Abuse, Saturdays 4 to 5.
Remember, it's noise, not music.
Okay.
Audio Abuse.
Audio Abuse.
All right.
That was great.
Man, I enjoyed the heck out of that.
We would have played that anyway, even if it wasn't anything to do with the station.
I enjoyed the hell out of that.
You know, the doctor music trend and anti-music has a lot to do with noise, not music, too.
I know, but the problem with doctor bands and anti-music bands is sooner or later,
they learn how to play those instruments.
Dang it, dang it, cat!
And then you end up being able to dance to them like you can dance to Doctors for Bob
and more Drunk Cowboys at the Twilight Room coming up October 26th.
Well, in the meantime, friends, I'm afraid that our time is starting to run out,
and it's sad that we only have one hour for each of these religious broadcasts,
but it all balances out in one great religious evacuation.
And I would recommend reading Prescriptures 16, 14, 17, 18,
and you can write for information on how to order these precious tapes.
And we need blankets, my friends, for these precious boys and girls at the Home for Slackless Children.
Your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death.
I command you to spill your gift seed pledge of 100 pounds of dollar bills in my lap,
for this will buy modeling clay and transformer toys for these poor children.
Dobbs will bless you for planting this seed, Faith.
Ah, yes. Amen.
And now, my friends, the announcer will give our mailing address, for you can write for information.
That's Church of the Subgenius, Post Office Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Church of the Subgenius, write to them today.
PO Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Not a fan, not a church, but a whole new way of life.
Thank you, folks.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
and Pastor Buck Naked of the Church of the Subgenius,
and Pastor Naked of the Naked Church of the Subgenius,
on KNON 90.9 FM, Dallas, Fort Worth.
Praise Bob and Naked.
Ah, yes.
Watch them VU meters now, Pastor Naked.
He's a fighting preacher, I'll tell you.
It's a squirting universe.
And praise Bob, and let there be slack.
Yeah.
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob on TV
Swallowing red man
The day my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
The day that Uncle
Got kicked by a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
The DNA backfired
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was plastered
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob on TV
Drinking Budweiser






Swallowing red man
Today my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
When Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
When Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
When Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
Step right up
Step right up
Step right up
Step right up
Everyone's a winner
Bargains galore
That's right you too
Can be the proudest
Owner of the quality
Goes in before
The name goes on
One tenth of a dollar
One tenth of a dollar
We got service
After the sale
How about perfume
We got perfume
How about an engagement ring
Something for the little lady
Something for the little lady
Something for the little lady
Three, four dollars
We got a year-end clearance
We got our white sale
And our smoke-damaged furniture
You can drive on a winter day
Act now
Act now
And receive as our gift
Our gift to you
They come in all colors
One size fits all
No must, no fuss, no spill
You tired of kitchen drudgery
Everything must go
Going out of business
Going out of business
Going out of business sale
50% off original retail price
Skip the middleman
Don't set up a lesson
How do we do it
How do we do it
Volume, volume
Turn up the volume
Now you got running advertisers
Don't hesitate
You can start in your third








Don't be caught with your drawers down
Don't be caught with your drawers down
Step right up
Step right up
That's right, it fillets and chops
Dice and slice, it never stops
Lasts a lifetime, most of it long
And it most of it long
And it picks up the kids from school
It gets rid of unwanted facial hair
It gets rid of embarrassing age
It delivers a pizza
And it lengthens
And it strengthens
And it finds that slipper that's been at large
Under the chaise lounge
And it plays a mean rhythm
As it makes excuses for unwanted lipstick on your collar
And it's only a dollar
Step right up
It's only a dollar
Step right up
Cause it forges your signature
Not completely satisfied
Nail back unused portion of product
For complete refund the price of purchase
Step right up
Please allow 30 days for delivery
Don't be fooled by cheap limitations
You can live in it
Live in it, laugh in it, love in it, sleep in it
Live in it, laugh in it, love in it
Remove embarrassing states
Change the contour sheets
That's right
And it entertains visiting relatives
It turns a sandwich into a banquet
Tired of being alive with a body
Change your shorts
Change your life
Change your life
Change into a nine year old hindu boy
Get rid of your wife
And it walks your dog
And it doubles on sacks
Doubles on sacks
You can jump back jacks
See you later alligator
See you later alligator
And it steals your car
It gets rid of your gambling debts
It quits smoking
It's a friend
It's a companion
It's a friend

It's the only product you will ever need
Follow these easy assembly instructions
It never needs dining
Well it takes weights off hips
Busts, thighs, chins
Midriff gives you dandruff
And it finds you a job
It is a job
And it strips the bone covered
It pre-tapes and you file exchange
And it gives you denture rather
And you know it's a friend
And it's a companion
And it gets rid of your traveler's checks
It's new, it's improved
It's old fashioned
It's a new thing











Well it takes care of business
Never needs finding
Never needs finding
Never needs finding
It gets rid of blackheads
Heartbreakers, psoriasis
Christ, you don't know the meaning of heartbreak buddy
Come on, come on
Come on, come on
It's effective
It's defective
It creates household odors
It disinfects
It sanitizes for your protection
It gives you an erection
It wins the election
Why put up with painful coins any longer
It's a redeemable coupon
No obligation
No sales move
Physiological
It's a companion






No home
We got a jackpot
Jackpot
Jackpot
Prices, prices
All worth guaranteed
How do we do it
How do we do it
How do we do it
How do we do it
We need your business
We're goin' out of business
We give you the business
Get on the business
And live off
Goin' out of business
Sale, receive all
Free brochure
Free brochure
Rated easy to follow
Assembly instructions
Batteries not included
Sleeves are already in the bag

Send it on midnight tomorrow
Terms available, step right up
Step right up
Step right up
You got it, buddy
A large print give us
And a small print take us away
Step right up
You can step right up
You can step right up
Come on, step right up
Get away from me, can't you, buddy
Step right up
Step right up
come on
Step right up
Come on, come on
Come on, come on
Step right up
You can step right up
Come on, step right up
Come on, step right up
Come on, you selection
Come on

Don't worry
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
