Sometimes I speak English, sometimes I don't.
You were outside my house yesterday.
You frightened my wife.
What do you want?
Who are you?
Who are you?
What?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Are you a fish?
Are you a fish?
No.
Who are you?
Are you a snake?
No.
Are you a man?
Who are you?
Who are you?
No.
Who are you? Who are you? Who are you?
Are you Nurgle?
Yes.
The subgenius powerhouse.
One of the worst moments you may ever experience.
Yes, it is.
How come?
Let's go sit down, talk this over.
From NPR News in Washington, I'm unlikely to endanger residents.
The White House has President Trump.
Tuesday.
But, quote, quote, the U.S. government has favorable PR news.
Organic peroxides are used to make PR news.
And we expect these products will ignite at some point in the coming days.
And they all loved it.
The Dow Jones 39218765.
The Labor Department says the economy's created 156,000 percent over the 12 months ending in August, according to the latest jobs report from the government.
However, this is PR news in Washington.
Thank you, Lee Moore.
That dialogue at the very beginning is from the 1977 Australian end of the world movie called The Last Wave, directed by Peter Weir, as in we are dough, with Richard Chamberlain and some Australian Aborigine actors.
One of my favorite end of the world movies.
Next, our buddies.
Exposed forehead.
have a new song out.
And here it is called
Watch Out by Exposed Foreheads.
They're all around searching the surface
Freaking us out, making us nervous
We can't let our location be known
Let's escape on our own
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, no time for that
Watch out, push to the limit
Watch out, step it in it
Watch out, step it in it
Watch out, we stand together
All with all
We are here, one and all
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, no time for that
Watch out, push to the limit
Watch out, step it in it
Jeff Sorry's
альная mortgage concern
We have fallen but we're gonna get up
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, no time for that
Watch out, the second trap

Watch out, push to the limit
Push to the limit
Watch out, we're gonna get on


Step in, ladies.
Let's go, ladies.
Dim dawn, the wicked witch is dead.
Milagro!
Weight had been lifted.
Dear friend, do you think just maybe,
maybe this whole political ordeal has been affecting some of us more than we realized?
Psychosomatic?
Or just plain psycho?
I'm definitely still plenty paranoid.
My fevered mind came up with all kinds of sick scenarios.
The scariest one involved...
involving nuclear codes and deals with Russia.
Trump fired the guy in charge of the nuclear codes a couple of days ago,
possibly after realizing he'd lost.
Maybe he had a deal with Putin
to disable America's nukes near the end of his second term
and let the Russians nuke Democrat cities with impunity
and take over what's left of the country
in return for Trump's...
Trump's debts being forgiven
and he'd get a new 13-year-old girl every day in his secure St. Petersburg mansion.
But then it sunk in that he's gonna have to move the schedule up by four years.
Paranoid?
I sure hope so.
But I've...
You know, I've got to admit, I've been greatly cheered by lurking on right-wing websites and Facebook pages,
which I do anyway.
Uh, tasting.
The bitter tears of the poor shattered snowflakes
as they deny reality just as hard as their little tiny brains can.
Uh, that's been almost worth the wait.
Talk about pulling the wool over their own eyes.
Not like me, of course.
But what was totally worth the wait
was Sandy Boone's documentary feature film about the church,
which is on Amazon now, and, uh,
Voodoo...
Or is it Hulu?
Or Hoodoo?
Or whatever.
And YouTube and Roku, and I don't know what all.
Um...
It's...
It says what all at dobbstown.net.
I heard Netflix will be showing it soon.
The full title is J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Although I think if you just type in subgenius, you'll get it and other odd related things.
...
Well, I hadn't even planned this episode, uh, number 1804.
But at least I was inspired to get back to Tarzan's radio station and do something live,
or at least not from 1986.
As much as I like those old-timey hours of slack.
Uh, so...
Well, oh, by the way, this music in the background is the Empire Jazz Orchestra,
an album called Symphonies in Riffs.
And it's actually really, really good music.
Anyway, I guess I need to go audition some of the mountain of contributions from total strangers
and new friends that have built up over the last month.
Uh...
When...
Actually, my back hurt too much for me to sit and listen to hours of stuff critically.
But first, this!
I'll try to get the audio.
Welcome to Film School Radio, the on-air online showcase for the best in independent documentary and foreign films.
Every Friday morning, from 9 to 10 AM Pacific and online at filmschoolradio.com.
I'm your host, Mike Kaspar.
What started out as a joke.


An inside joke among two self-proclaimed weirdos from Fort Worth, Texas,
soon becomes much more than they bargained for
when they decide to turn their conservative Southern ideology on its head
and invent a new religion all their own.
In J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
we go on quite a journey.
It is remarkable and it is fun and it is irreverent
and it's sometimes, in a weird way, serious as well.
So, I think that's a great way to sort of get our conversation started.
And I'm going to introduce to our audience the director, producer, and writer.
And that would be Sandy K. Boone, as well as the Right Reverend, Philo Drummond, or Steve Wilcox.
To both of you, welcome to Film School Radio.
Thank you.
Thanks, good to be here.
Yes, thank you so much.
Like I said, I just had so much fun with this film.
Let me start by asking the director, producer, and writer of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
and that would be Sandy K. Boone,
how did you hear about this particular church?
How did you hear about all this?
Well, actually, my late husband was a member of the group,
and he met them.
He had a dear friend that was in Dallas, Texas,
and they came all together and they were playing.
He took him to go listen to a band.
He was in a band called the Pink Boys,
and they were all part of this group or knew this group.
And that's how we originally met.
So my late husband really was the reason he made the movie called Invasion of the Luminant People,
which was also inspired by the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'll use a lot of the clips of my late husband's movie in the Subgenius movie.
What year was this?
Was this fairly recent or was it back in the day?
When was that?
Oh, no, no, no.
That was...
The original movie was done in 1980, 80, 81.
Yeah.
For Invasion of the Luminant People.
But the group knew each other, 79, 80, that era.
And Funk was thriving.
And we were in Dallas, and then we had moved to Austin to go to film school here at UT.
Well, let's bring into our conversation Dr. Drummond.
Steve Wilcox, Dr. Drummond.
Tell us a little bit about your getting together with Reverend Ivan Stang, also known as Douglas Smith.
Tell us a little bit about the origin story of all of this.
Okay.
Well, we'd gotten together on just some kind of a group of people that were artistic and creative.
And we had these Sunday brunches.
And it was about the time of when Jim Jones had the thing going on in Guyana.
He talked 900 people into committing suicide drinking the Kool-Aid.
Where that expression came from now, right?
And so we decided that, you know, well, gosh, if he could talk 900 people into killing themselves, couldn't we talk 900 people into giving us a dollar?
You know, I mean, it's got to be simple.
And so Reverend Stang and I got the idea that we needed to start our own religious cult.
And actually, there was another, you know, another motivation going on.

He and I both thought that we were really funny guys.
And that we thought we ought to be able to write comedy.
And one of the things we thought might be a good vehicle to display our talents would be to put this silly pamphlet together that was recounting this secret organization.
So we spent a lot of time visiting with the Scientologist and Ken Carr.
And all these various people.
And we had these spinoff kind of organizations that were, you know, new agey, kind of new age, new world religions and things.
And we went to a lot of seminars.
And he and I would sit in the front row.
And we would be taking copious notes about what we ought to include in our religion.
You know, we had to make it kind of like a Frankenstein monster where we could take from every familiar trope from every major religion.
And mix it with all these weird things.
And mix it with all these weird offshoots.
These cult-like religions.
And come up with this pamphlet that we could leave places.
And actually the leaving was secondary to the mailing out to we mailed the initially mailed the pamphlet to 350 publishers.
Because we were still thinking we'd get a job, you know.
Somebody would sit and go, oh, this is funny.
We should hire these guys.
You know, like that really happens.
So, anyway, we were still young and naive.
And thought that was a possibility.
Actually, we were shooting for Saturday Night Live.
We thought that's where we ought to be writing comedy.
You know.
Yeah.
So, we put together this pamphlet.
We mailed it out.
And we started leaving it in places we didn't know what to do.
It was hard to find a distributor for something that weird.
And so, we kind of started leaving it in the same places that all the weird religious organizations did.
It was like a super Chick track we could leave in places.
We even had a thing where we would visit local record stores and secondary type, you know, alternative stores and things like that.
And we would sneak in there and leave our pamphlets on their periodical shelf.
It was always interesting to me.
I wish I could have figured out what it would be like to be at the store when somebody brought it up to ring up.
And that was the first maybe the first time.
The person who was ringing it up, I'd even seen it.
But we called that drop lifting.
It was like the opposite of shoplifting, you know.
So, we did that for a while.
Thank you, ancient subgeniuses of the past.
And now, from the Dobstown Mirror, a word of caution.
That time when you alone felt the need.
And enjoyed.
It was like you were held hostage by angels.
And then released and told, go tell your people what you have seen.
Do tell.
And send your confessions to stang at subgenius dot com.
Or uncleonan at gmail dot com.
But remember, regarding every subgenius show, read this twice.
It's a fact.
Some of the cosmic truths of the Church of the Subgenius are downright disgusting.
Just remember that J.R. Bob Dobbs has chewed them up first before he spit them in our mouths.
Prior to that, it was even worse.
Not a bucket shop.
If you're stirring your coffee or tea, and you hit the inside of the mug, that's a sign that you'll have good luck that day.
If you don't hit the inside of the mug, that's a sign you'll make clever choices that day.
Invent your superstitions, such that you can't lose either way.
They're just as real as any other superstition.
If you're telling yourself stories, tell yourself stories that don't cause you to continue to feel more.
You'll be miserable.
Here's one.
A little saying.
From the same author of Dobbs' Docktown Mirror.
Rat in your path?
Good at math.
You can do it too, friends.
Our music in the background is Bernard Herrmann's classic score for the Mysterious Island.
The 1960's Ray Harryhausen classic, based on Jules Verne's.
Very different novel.
And, uh...
Now this.

It has various auspicious� organisme close to him, oftentimes Dim труsta Ü.
And they're just giving Sixtus the exact same fantastical

Jack's interest, showing cleavage whilst bending over to pick up her pride.
Jack inserted a dandelion into the chest crack, marveling at the yellow reflection.
Butter, he said proudly with a beaming grin.
As the hand approached his face for a muddy slap, he glimpsed the tattoo.
Mother in a heart with an anchor, snake coiling and hissing around it.
Jack, on the ground, shakes his head and looks upon the sun-drenched silhouette of Jill, fists clenched, ready for battle.
I'm thirsty!
Get me something!
I'm having a drink, she demands.
Jack, being a lawyer and realizing the implications of a woman scorned, obediently travels down the hill to comply.
Jill hears the approaching sound from the idiot cat bells on his floppy, foppish hat and perks up in anticipation.
She is
Jack returns with a plastic one-gallon bottle of pure artisan spring water, guaranteed no preservatives, just water. Yes, ma'am, just water.
You stupid simpleton, Jill shrieks.
I said I wanted a drink.
Blurred vision is one thing, but your conversation is even worse without alcohol's precious numbing agent.
I said I wanted a drink. Blurred vision is one thing, but your conversation is even worse without alcohol's precious numbing agent.
Tee hee.
I'll need a kicked down hoe, just for the sake of my life.
It was a curiously strange sound as the plastic jug met the side of Jack's head.
Pressure, pop, the twist-off cap seal and water sprayed everywhere.
The bucket working in hell is completely St Sarah episode 7 and at the bank oh here we are.

Jill bathes in sweat a little, and reignit in aeds close up to her but she de der beyond the norm.
noca questo cover", Popseluica by remove self exposure & adenka remove his t trial with a damp slㅋㅋㅋㅋth omipom Cartel di Pass flight supre. Popseluica di Pass flight Il 919ces ap Switzerland his return into Blackburn Paltron, Pennsylvania October 24.
body, blood mingling with water, grass turning black.
She wringed her wet tank top out over him, and once again noticed the gleam from his
mouth, nearly blinding.
Jill pulled out her Popeil's pocket fisherman, only available for this short time, and if
you buy now will include a whale bone chicken scratcher free.
But that's not all.
Here's a prairie tooth pouch, in occasion black tie camouflage.
She extracted that shiny golden molar without a moan, and wiped the blood off on her predistressed
and frayed short shorts.
Now,
Falling back on her fat, gelatinous ass in the grass, Jill again looked upon her former
friend.
Blue mixing with red like a Lichtenstein painting, black outline and all, her ringed water dots
representing the pseudo-silk screening process.
She put out her foot, wrapped in classic 1970s dingo boots with patented stitching and genuine
leather currently found under vintage on eBay and kicked Jack down the hill.
He
He rolled, he tumbled, he bounced, and at one point she could swear that damn thing
jumped.
The climax wasn't all that exciting.
Just a quick puff of dust that settled quickly.
Jill licked her dry lips and lit a cigarette.
Water makes me thirsty, she mumbled and waved wearily at a circling, hovering net.
The extreme weirdo calling itself Sheridan did that, titled Jack and Jill from his double
CD called Didn't See That Coming.
The end.
That Sheridan guy is very original.
Now we're going to temporarily take a turn even further into scariness and horror with
a song by our pal MOLG and his band Cult of Zier from the excellent new album Better
Living Through Confirmation Bias, a song called Turn Black.
Turn Black.
Turn Black.
Turn Black.

Turn away my love, turn black.
Turn Black.

Turn Black.
Turn Black.
There's nothing here for you today.
Turn black.
Turn away my heart yearns black.
Turn black.
Turn away my love burns black.
Turn away.
I've gone fishing off the deep end today.
The kind of love is just a loathsome trap.
I paid the tax and tried to snatch it back.
Burn away.
Flame bright as the white.
Burn away.
Two as you pray.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.
Turn black.

Baby, I don't get all tired of it
Baby, I don't get all tired of it
Baby, I don't get all tired of it
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
At last, J.R. Bob Dobbs is like an emotional support animal
that will help you.
He will support all the emotions.
Blind rage, primal lust, existential terror, ultimate victory,
indifference to woe and people you don't like.
All emotions, not just the one that the conspiracy prescribes
is appropriate for you and your circumstance.
A religion that does not excuse any behavior.
Well, that's just leaving money on the table.
Sell yourself an indulgence.
You'll pay!
Praise Bob.
And now this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in Kentucky.
Remember, we have to take this seriously.
That's PR's reporting.
Governor Rick says this is PR News.
In Florida, the Dow is 82-21-836.
Bob says not guilty.
Bob says this is PR News.
I have a big collection of rejection notes, rejection letters.
There's like a hundred of them.
A few of the people that had been peripherally involved
in some of those publishing organizations,
one of which was like rip-off press,
which was publishing underground comic books and things like that.
And we got the attention of some people like R. Crumb and Paul Mavridis
and a lot of our West Coast underground comics artists liked it a lot.
The story goes is that the publisher threw it in the trash.
Paul Mavridis retrieved it from the trash and gave it to Doug Wellman,
who was another early hierarchy member.
He's known as Puzzling Evidence.
And he was the one that kind of exposed us to the whole idea of this big tape network
that existed at the time, which got us involved in making a lot of recordings
and distributing recordings.
And this is kind of like pre-internet data.
So I don't know, maybe you were even aware of it.
I think that's probably some documentary material there for this giant tape network,
cassette tape network that existed back then when people could,
they'd make tapes and send it to these various people on this network
and then they would trade with other people.
And it was something that kind of at the time was very popular in underground circles.
So that's, he was one of the ones that got it.
And he was the one that started on the whole audio portion of the church.
But, you know, after the initial pamphlet, we got quite a bit of feedback,
only none of it had really any real money attached to it.
A lot of great attention from interesting people.
But so it wasn't too long after that that we started thinking about,
well, if we're really a cult, we better have another pamphlet.
We better have some testimonials.
We better have questionnaires.
We need all this ancillary type material that will prove, you know, okay,
well, we're actually a real cult.
Yeah, we may be kind of a joke cult, but it's still a serious joke.
And we take it seriously.
And so, you know, we went forth with sort of that perspective.
And it started to really roll quite a bit.
Yeah.
Well, just real quick.
There.
There is something about this.
And in fact, in the film, you pose that question.
You and Reverend Stang talk about the this idea that you could have been a Scientology if you had chosen to.
And I mean, you could have.
Now, this wasn't your predisposition.
It didn't at all.
But the idea that you were getting people who got what you were talking about.
I think that's the important part.
I'll sort of classify these people.
I'm a mature psychologist than I am.
But there's sort of this anti-authoritarian, free-thinking people who had been diametrically opposed to joining a Scientology, however, would have been completely enthralled with the idea of joining an anti-Scientology cult.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So.
That was part of our main thrust at the very beginning is that we want to make this for, we want to make it for people who feel alienated by society, for people that are not joiners, people that are lonely.

People that don't want to join things.
How do you get the, how do you find those people and how do you tap into, not necessarily how do you do it, but those are the ones we were aiming at, you know, the, the, everybody who was like the rejections of society, you know?
And, and then we would like, kind of like Groucho Marx, you know, I wouldn't want to be a member of any club that would have me as a member, but, you know, those were the people we were looking for.
The ones that didn't want to be members.
The ones that didn't want to be members of the club that would have them as a member.
So.
Well, this is exactly why I wish I had been aware of you because I used, I used to use that line all the time to describe my own life back in that time.
Yeah.
I was a big Groucho fan who was, who was also a classic anti-authoritarian, anti-joiner kind of guy.
His personality was such.
Oh yeah.
Skeptical response.
The subset of what J.R. Bob Dobbs will protect you from is limited.
But with the help of the people who are watching this.
Well defined.
You did read the contract before you signed, didn't you?
A top selling point is take over by hostile aliens from another planet.
That is a negotiation that Bob excels at year in, year out.
But did you know that once you're a subgenius, you are protected as if by magic from making the worst mistakes in your life?
The second worst and better, that's on you.
But the worst mistake just won't happen.
Thank you, Dobbs.town mirror.
Available from Dobbs.town.
You are enough.
This is an image recovered from the laptop of the late great Reverend Katahdin Lagoon.
It's one of his messages to you.
And what I'm looking at here is a photo.
A photograph of a US dollar bill with the phrase,
You are enough.
Written in the upper margin.
Thanks to old Uncle Onan and his newspaper.
And it really is on paper.
But here's something just made of sound waves from a polished sounding band called,
Forgive my Italian.
Piegatori di...
Cuccial.
Piegatori di Cuccial.
However, I don't think the band is Italian.
They're on SoundCloud and they wisely sent me the lyrics too.
All bands should do that.
Seriously.
If they send me a song.
The song is titled, So Happy.
Three more Volume.

Can stay until tじ.

Hey, 차.
You me and in a while.
Come here.

With electric music.
We are British people.
As a result, nakedguys are free.
What is limited Korean money.



onda, car.
This time will be, this time will be so happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be, this time will be so happy
Bleeding hearts with busted brains
Neck on paddling, drug convictions
We can leave those busted brains behind
We can leave those larynthroglodytes
You can leave your television
You can leave your news subscription
You can have good education
Maybe even good race relations
This time will be, this time will be so happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be, this time will be so happy
We won't take their mind for granted
We won't take their mind for granted
We won't take their fluoridation
We don't need the smart patrol
We can choose our medication
This time will be, this time will be so happy

This time will be so happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be, this time will be so happy
Yeah we'll be, this time will be, this time will be so happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be, this time will be so happy
Yeah we'll be, this time will be so happy

Friends, every now and then we actually get a letter in the mail, the snail mail.
And I got a really well-written one that I'm going to read on the air.
It's from Reverend Tyrannosaurus Blasphemous.
And it came with a $5 bill.
I'll have you know.
It even has clip art on it that I haven't seen before.
Brother, can you spare some slack?
Make America funny again.
Souls cleansed while you wait.
You may have already won.
This item inspected by number 13013.
Dear Reverend Stang, I hope this letter finds you well.
I recently watched and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I enjoyed the documentary J.R. Bob-Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius
and wanted to reach out while we're still on this planet together
to thank you and Philo for starting the church.
I think when people see how old we are, they go,
Oh, man, I need to, I need to, I've been putting this off.
He could croak any minute.
I don't recall exactly the year I joined the subgenius,
but it was during that wonderful lost time before the Internet changed everything.
I miss those days.
I miss the days of finding Jack Chick tracks in bathrooms
or reading Fact Sheet 5 and, of course, High Weirdness by Mail
to find the latest saucer, cult, or alternate religion to seek mail from.
The fringe was so serious, but in a funny way.
Now, in the Trump side down, it's serious in a terrifyingly fascist way
without a sense of humor.
What the hell happened?
I prefer conspiracies with a dash of humor.
This is a familiar lament.
2020 has been a hell of a year.
Multiple deaths in the family, one COVID-related.
My spouse with MS and bypass surgery for myself a few weeks back
have made it hard to keep the funny.
Yet, I have found funny, having joined a subgenius group on Facebook, of all things.
The genuine humor and oddity of my subgenius brothers and sisters
have helped weather the storm.
I've been a part of the fun with the panacea of laughter.
And in spite of any hardships, I do find myself blessed with an abundance of slack.
I do as I please and am living comfortably,
though my community is about as pink as they get.
For those of us who identify with the trickster spirit,
who realize the tarot's fool is also its ascended master,
it's our offbeat humor that gives us our power.
For we who never fit in and honestly didn't want to,
who saw the popular kids as a nightmarish existence,
the church of the subgenius gave us common ground.
I love this congregation of the misfit, the strange, and the odd.
I do too, even after 35 years of it.
We fight the corrupting conspiracy of normalcy,
fully aware the inmates have been running the asylum.
We get the joke, and by God, the joke is on them.
For all the evangelicals who,
quote, see the signs, unquote,
how many of them have noticed they've been voting for a political party
with a satanic elephant for their national symbol?
Do we really need to put the sixes in those stars for them to wake up?
It's the Republican logo with the stars across the elephant.
I don't think it would matter if they're not us, the few, the odd, the subgenius.
Thank you again for starting the greatest joke of all time.
Praise God.
From Reverend Tyrannosaurus Blasphemous.
Wow, and like I say, he sent five bucks.
Well, thank you, Reverend Blasphemous.
I should mention, though, that there are indeed Republican subgeniuses, plenty of them.
I don't think there's many QAnon subgeniuses.
Hey, I've got a hint for y'all.
I'm Q. I'm the one who's been doing those.
Ha ha ha.
I should take that back, because somebody will believe me.
They've believed weirder crap, let me tell you.
There's been times when I couldn't believe what people believed that I had said.
I mean, stuff I said, and they believed it.
Stuff that came from Church of the Subgenius.
They take it as gospel, as well they should.
But they...
They forget the other way they should take it.
And if they can't...
Well, I don't want to say it on the radio, but...
F*** them.
Anyway, friends, yes, this has been a long stretch, and of course it's not over.
It's kind of like we're entering Act Three of the National Twilight Zone nightmare.
Uh...
Oh, God.
And, um...
Let's hope it's funnier than the previous act.
You know what I'm saying?
And doesn't end in car crashes and explosions and, you know, bad monsters.
Cool monsters.
That's different.
Um...
Oh, and friends, have I mentioned Ask Dr. Howell?
It's now on Zoom every month.
Um...
I think it's the second...
Second Sunday?
You'll have to look at, uh...
What is it?
Gonzotronics.net slash A-D-H.
Ask Dr. Howell.
Oh, there'll be a link.
By the time you look at Subgenius.com, there'll be a link to it.
And possibly in the events section.
We haven't been doing many other events.
We did X Day all on Zoom.
And by the...
Incidentally, I recorded days of X Day.
I recorded days of X Day.
I recorded days of X Day.

I recorded days of X Day.

I recorded certain venues all day.
I recorded subtitles on time, and I recorded my own for Does Not Go Well Make-A-S Anytime.
To see, I recorded aUI flyers until, like, midday.
I actually did a YouTubeимся film and, um, 600 words a day.
But, you know, we have an amazing ceiling here, so don't get super Rita.



Dr. Howell put that here and it's both fantastic and've got backs.
We learned a few things from this studio of ours.
You see, many of us can't have..
Ahaaa...

Dr. Rob.
I...
Well, the lighting is great though.

Oh, boy.
I know the radio stations really don't want that kind of audio coming over their airwaves.
It makes them look bad.
It makes people fiddle with their dial to see what's wrong with it.
And also it's really hard to edit because there's constant references to visual things
which are just frustrating to the subgenius listening on his car radio or her car radio or its.
Whatever.
I'm not even going to go there.
I wouldn't know how.
Anyway, praise Bob.
Everything's much, much better here on this end as long as I don't try to heave any more riding mowers out of ditches by myself.
Or chase armadillos around the yard while filming them.
Trying to get real good low angles.
God, I couldn't get out of bed for a week after that.
It's a pretty funny video though.
My YouTube channel, friends.
It's got a lot of wildlife pictures on it now.
But I've got so many projects to do, friends.
Eyelash, the second book that we published after Neighbor World, should be out in about a month or so.
It still needs a little more proofreading and one more proof copy.
And I haven't been good about that.
And.
I have all these books I want to put together.
Subgenius books.
Old stuff that nobody's ever seen.
And reprints of old stuff that people have seen.
And new stuff.
But I'm 67.
I'm beginning to think maybe what I should do rather than try to finish all these projects myself in the next 10 years or so.
Is to get them ready for somebody else to finish.
It's going to take me 10 years just to get.
All these things.
I'm not.
Seriously.
There must be at least a dozen subgenius books that are basically already done.
On the creative end.
A lot of technical stuff has to be done.
And videos.
I want to do an addendum to Sandy's documentary about us.
I have 60 more hours of footage that nobody's seen.
And nobody's going to see most of it.
But I went out and interviewed people myself.


Like Lonesome Cowboy Dave and G. Gordon Gordon.
Who never ended up in the movie.
And there were about 25 people who got interviewed for that movie.
And weren't in it at all.
I don't have that footage.
But I could probably get it.
I don't know.
Anyway.
I'm just rattling and rattling.
Because I'm excited to be out of bed.
And alive.
And at least.
At least.
At least Act 1 and 2 are over.
We'll see how Act 3 goes.
Meanwhile.
Thanks to the Empire Jazz Orchestra.
Some of whom are subgeniuses that we now see every week on the weekly Zoom chat.
That's another thing, friends.
You'll look at subgenius.com for the links to that.
I haven't been advertising it much.
But every Saturday.
Subgeniuses get together and just hang out on Zoom.
They don't talk about Bob much.
Or if at all.
You never know what they're going to be talking about.
Anyway.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.



Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And now this.
In any event.
We have more questions.
So Dr. Howell if you are ready.
I'm ready.
I'll try to answer them in a faster way if there are a lot of them.
Actually.
Let me really quickly play Reverend Stang's question for you.
I'm going to cue it up.
Let's have that one, yes.
It's an honor.
Dr. Howell.
There he is.
I came up with the greatest question ever for you the other night.
But I did find an interesting one just this morning.





I didn't write it down, and now I've forgotten it.
No.
What was it?
Oh, wait.
I think I remember you getting this question before.
Yeah, I get a lot of them.
Forget that one.
Over again.
Dr. Hal, why, starting yesterday, did the chronic pain in my back and neck suddenly go away?
Why this inexplicable desire to roll over on my back and have sleepy Joe Biden rub my belly?
Why this strange compulsion to masturbate to Jill Biden and Kamala Harris?
Are these somehow connected?
Thank you for your answer.
And I'll pay you Tuesday.
That must be the second Tuesday of the month.
I mean, of the week.
Well, dear Reverend Stang, the question seems hauntingly familiar.
I have a feeling I even answered it earlier on this program.
But I'll certainly answer it again.
It seems to have two parts.
Why did the pain suddenly depart?
And the other one, why your desire to roll on your back like a puppy and allow your ventral
side to be massaged or manipulated by Joe Biden?
And Kamala Harris?
Or perhaps why you desire to manipulate yourself while thinking of the winners of the presidential
election?
All these matters are intimately connected.
Connected in your person through the interaction of your own nervous system and the careful
choice made by your brain.
Once again, not the conscious brain, which may wish for things.
But the.
The unconscious mind, which is to say the rest of your brain, which is able to delegate,
able to create and able to provide sensations in any order it pleases, if it is left alone
by the impulse to direct given by the conscious mind.
Your pain stopped because you, your somatic self, were tired of having the pain.
It is possible for the mind to take the pain away.
Yogis and other spiritual practitioners can control the pain they receive and decide when
and where it happens.
One spiritual exercise, which has a long Indian name I can't pronounce correctly, so I won't
try, involves taking all the pain and compressing it into a rotating ball just outside the mind.





You have to keep it inside your forehead and you're supposed to keep it there.
This works for some people.
But there has been a greater pain afflicting us all in the last four years.
A pain which the current election seems to have relieved, and let us hope it has because
the bad actors who produced it, the irritants who produced the pain, are still very much
with us and on the scene. Our pain is their pleasure, let us remember. And as
William Blake said, there is a class of men whose sole delight is in destroying.
Since they seem temporarily to be leveraged from the scene, it is not
surprising that puppy-like you wish to lie on your back, present your belly, wag
your tail if only you have one, and be diddled by the victors in the election.
Let us hope that they are at least capable of doing this, since there are
many obstacles to the ultimate success which they and we would prefer.
And we heard a
little bit of a rumble.
We heard a little bit there from the November 8th, 2020 Ask Dr. Hal show on Zoom.
And that happens every month, second Sunday of every month, and you can find the
information right up top on subgenius.com or look at the events page.
In this previously unpublished photograph from 1985, we see a man who is a
false head of the World Cup golfer, the one true head of the World Cup golfer, and Corona.
Beer. 1985. Coincidence? I think not.
Subgenius.com. And now this.
Dr. Hal's World Cup Golf Show.
Dr. Hal's World Cup Golf Show.
Dr. Hal's World Cup Golf Show.
Dr. Hal's World Cup Golf Show.
