Hello, and welcome to the Hour of Slack.
This is 89.7 WITR in Lillietta, and my name is Gobi.
Yeah, it is Gobi, that's right.
And I will be with you for the next hour and a half, hour and 45 minutes or so, bringing you Slack as always.
Why? Because we love you.
Yeah, speak for yourself, Gobi.
Because we're in the mood.
For Slack.
For fun.
For good times.
For good music.
For friends and drinks.
For cocktails and parties.
For cheese dip, cheese whiz, little pretzel things.
Yes, folks, we're in the mood for J.R. Bob Dog.
We're in the mood for Wanda.
We're in the mood for Heifer, Seth, Noo Noo, Nar and NeNe.
NeNe.
NeNe.
We're in the mood for NeNe.
NeNe.
And we're not hearing it.
We're in the mood for technical difficulties.
Whoo!
We're in the mood for cassette players that don't work.
We're in the mood for CD players that skip.
We're in the mood for cursed audio equipment.
We're in the mood for cursed audio equipment.
We're in the mood for subtle, cheesy ads from the 50s.
We're in the mood for plastic.
We're in the mood for 45 records.
For CDs.
For albums.
For cassette players.
We're in the mood for puzzling evidence.
We're in the mood for the end of the song.
Here it comes.
Here it comes.
Oh, yeah.
It's coming.
It's almost there.
We've almost made it, friends.
Together.
As one.





We've almost made it.
To the end of the song.
Whoo!
Not yet.
Okay, all right.
All right.
We're on our way.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
We're going?
We're going.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Okay?
Okay?
It, it...
It...
It...
It, it...
It...
It...
Eh...
It...


Eh...
Ugh.
Oh.
It's the end of the sign.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Soap Genius Hour of Slack.
Welcome potential initiates
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Thank you.
If you want our guns, come out and get them.
The armor will be set by Slag's heat
drinking and shooting the pistol
at the little pools of fire
waking up them in the darkness.
Bam, bam, bam!
Your bullet can't see me.
You have the eyes, the mind,
and the will of every bullet to fly.
You will not take what you can.
And we will not remember again.
That liquor always looks like
the best of the time.
That's the time to latch on the bullet.
This is the time.
Heh.
This is the one.
Wild side of life, ain't it, Wilgus?
Wilgus just grinned
and opened in another beer.
And are you married, divorced, separated, single,
uninterested, or dead?
Yes.
And do you or anyone in your household
work in publishing, television, radio,
or have a conviction of violent crimes with a gun?
With a gun?
Yes.
No.
Good.
Now, we're conducting research
into the impact of visual versus oral stimuli.
What you see as opposed to what you hear.
For the next three minutes,
we're going to either show you a slide
or let you hear a sound.
You tell us which of the two stimuli
has a greater impact on you.
And you're going to give me a watch for this?
When it's all over, yes.
Hmm.
A cheap one.
Hmm.
Okay, shoot.
Here's your first image.
Okay, a second's all you get.
Here's your sound.
I would have to say the sound.
Fine.
Indicate your choice by pressing
either one of the two blue buttons in front of you.
What about this big red button?
Don't touch that.
Now, indicate your choice.
Fine.
Sound over image for the first example.
All right, here's another slide.
Wow, put that back on.
Sorry.
A peek is all you get.
Who is she?
Come on, we have to continue.
Now, here's your sound.
I can't decide.
Maybe you'd better let me see the picture again.
No, your choice is obviously image over sound.
Ow!
Now, that was your next sound.
Hurt me.
And here's another slide.
Look at this, I'm bleeding.
Sound wins again.
Please press the appropriate button.
And we're ready to move on to part two of the survey.
An image or sound will be presented,
then several reactions will appear on the screen
with a number above each one.
Press the yellow button that corresponds to your reaction.
What about this big red button?
Don't touch that.
Now, first we have a sound.
Sponsors who are on the screen indicate yours now.
Indecisive, aren't you?
Sorry.
Is that all right?
It's fine.
Thank you very much.
And how about that one?
That one makes me want to leave.
Can I push the big red button now?
I said don't touch that.
We have achieved liftoff.
The show is lifting off.
Fasten your seat belts, please.
There will be a toll.
Please slow down.
The toll booth is approaching.
Pick up your ticket.
Cars only, nothing in tow.
Please press the button on your right.
Insert coin.
Deposit 25 cents.
We have achieved orbit.
We're now orbiting this country.
Yes, orbiting the United States in a small, slow circle.
And that's right.
We are taking requests.
If you'd like to hear something on the space episode of the subgenius, just ask.
Oh, what's that?
You want to hear there's no beer in heaven?
Well, I think we can find that.
Rock music.
It is the number one tool being used with them.
Rock music sets itself above God.
Now listen, we are programmable.
The devil knows how to program you.
The devil has programmed two generations of young people for absolute total destruction through his music.
Now, the devil wouldn't be the devil if he didn't have music.
You know what they said in Syracuse, New York when they were going to have a concert up there recently?
The police chief said it's not the violence I worry about as much as the nudity.
Dancing. Dancing.
Nudity. Violence.
Dancing. Dancing.
Nudity. Violence.
Young people are killing themselves at a rapid rate.
I believe much of it has a result of rock music.
Rock music.
Our homes have been torn down.
The walls of purity have been torn down.
Morality in general has been put in the sewer because of rock music.
These gods.
That's supposed to get you all nervous and jerky.
Because it can make us feel relaxed.
It can make us feel scared.
Isn't that interesting?
You'll notice they don't play the Tennessee Waltz in a Halloween flick.
Now, would you agree with me that there's patriotic music?
Yes.
Would you agree with me there's funeral music?
Yes.
Would you agree with me that there's scary type music?
Yes.
Would you agree with me that there's relaxing type music?
Yes.
Matter of fact, there is also boogie type music.
Boogity, boogity, boogity, boogity, boogity.
And now, here's Johnny.
Ask not what your country can do for you.
Here, our friends will be drinking all the beer.
Hooray!
In himmel gibt'st ein Bier.
We're drinking with a tear.
Den Sinten vernichten wir hier.
Dann trinken wir anderen unser Bier.
What did he say?
In heaven there is no beer.
No beer?
That's why we drink it here.
I won't go.
And when we're gone from here,
our friends will be drinking all the beer.
Hooray!
In heaven there is no beer.
No beer?
That's why we drink it here.
I won't go.
And when we're gone from here,
A product will be introduced whose only function is to be recycled.
As a backlash against animal rights fanatics, Cool Tea Plus products will be introduced.
We have one of your old favorites from the 70s, from the rocking years, the golden years
of rock and roll, the golden years of disco, the golden years of ugly clothing and bad
music.
Cool Tea Plus.
I'm sure you'll remember this one.
This goes out to bleep all Abernathy.
The greenhouse effect will be used to prove that the earth is a zoo.
The last drive-in theater will close.
Low-definition television will be taken over by subgenius simpies.
Alex Everett will convene to try and punish bad guys with wait tech's and this is when

TV hypnotizes normal.
Conspiracy scientists will reveal that cancer and cigarettes have a single cause.
Learning disorders will be discovered to be teaching disorders.
And counseling centers will be opened for would-be-conspiracy teachers.
Shopping stores will begleard.




malls would become large enough that they'd begin to connect, forming walled cities of consumption.
You're gonna go for the dance and not die, but because they're bad for the environment.
Yes, they must change their ways. So let's volunteer to rip off their clothing
until their hair is pure and clean.
Come on now. Come on back on the comeback. We're asking you to speak your piece about perhaps the Lithuanian problem.
Denying peyote to the Native American church. And Earth Day, the commercialization of Earth Day.
One of the greatest holidays for money making and money saving in American history. So shop now
on those beautiful Evolution Echo Perfect Lawn Chairs. We got them real cheap, $49.95.
Ecologically perfect lawn chairs. Do it now. Only a little bit of lip zirconia.
$49.95.
Now that's a fan for the family.
I bow my head.
Oh, you're on air.
Let's hear this guy.
Well, hello Dave.
I'm sorry.
I'm Kona from the West Coast.
Oh, West Coast. Kona from the West Coast.
I don't want to say whose fault it really is, but we're still having one earthquake after another.
I expected you to give a full report.
Just having earthquakes and earthquakes and earthquakes.
Are you still having it?
Hell, it's a good idea.
I was thinking, I wanted to see if I could count you guys in on this.
What I'm going to do is buy up a bunch of surfboard magic fingers from those vibrating hotel sofa things.
Yes.
And sew them into sneakers, loafers, and baggy trousers.
And sell them as like kind of a West Coast experience kind of thing to the malls in the Midwest or something.
As a full market device?
As a full market device, I think we could clean up.
Oh my God.
He wants to sell those little like chocolate dog fingers. Is that correct?
Well, not the Vienna sausage ones.
No, those little magic Vienna sausages.
Magic Vienna sausages.
The ones that you find in the hotel sofas and things like that.
Yeah, yeah.
The little vibrating ones.
Vibrating wiener sausages.
Viennas.
Sew them into the loafers and sneakers.
And baseball caps.
So like when you're walking around in the rubble, you can feel a vibrating Vienna sausage in your rock fort.
There you go.
Oh my God. This guy's a...
He's a genius, Chaz.
I think it would be less traumatizing then, you know, the way they're setting it up now.
Because I understand why they're doing it.
Red Cross everywhere, I suppose.
Is it like before or is it more like now?
It's a lot closer to now.
I think it's a lot closer.
Can I interject here?
Chaz wants to interject something.
Are you having Earth Day out there on the West Coast too?
On Earthquake?
Yes, we are.
Chaz is such a brilliant man.
He's a genius.
But it's still part of it.
As a matter of fact, this is the state that leads in these idiotic trends.
It's not quite sure how long we will be.
It's going to be like Atlanta.
Yes.
Or Atlanta.
Or Atlanta would be a lot better. It would be steamy and there would be like tennis courts on your forehead
and people walking away serving mint juleps.
Uh huh.
Or like, you know,
New Elbia and Pennsylvania maybe.
That's what I go for is them rock fort Vienna sausages.
But have you ever tried low sodium Iguana?
No.
Now you have to put an awful lot of water
and steep it in water for like maybe three or four hours
before you bring it to a rapid boil
with a handful of chickpeas.
Now once you've got your Iguana meat
all bubbling and frothy
it'll exude kind of a brown foam.
That's just the bad juices coming out.
And you scrape those off top.
Put in a little bit of water
and drop that handful of chickpeas in there.
Now did you already drop the handful of chickpeas
into the bubbling Iguana?
No.
Let's repeat those steps.
The Kentucky Headhunters
at the Cleveland Agora Sunday
May 13th.
The Kentucky
Oh, you're talking to Lonesome Cowboy.
Oh, you interrupted there.
I met the island man and he said
ooh ee ooh ah ah
bing bang wah wah bing bang
ooh ee ooh ah ah
wah wah wah bing bang
ooh ee ooh ah ah
bing bang wah wah wah bing bang
ooh ee ooh ah ah
bing bang wah wah wah bing bang
bing bang wah wah wah bing bang
Hello you're talking to Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
I have a great marketing strategy for
For Earth Day?
Burgers without plastic containers.
Without plastic containers?
Okay, lay it on us.
What is this idea?
You just serve the burgers on your body parts there.
Oh, now, see, this is a form of imagination.
A very small part or a very small and limited example of imagination.
As a matter of fact, it's kind of an imagination, but it is an example of imagination.
Imagination in that the burger is just piping fresh and freezing.
And piping fresh.
Because they've grown up, learned what life is.
They know what to do with themselves in society.
They can now go out in the world and sit in a classroom and not spit and fling their boogers on the people next to them or anything.
And not be fawning obsequious.
They can go downtown and people won't throw them in jail.
Listen, you guys are making some great strides here.
First, it just starts by being able to not swear on the air.
And then the next thing you know, you'll be eating regular food.
You'll eat the same food that people eat and stuff.
And quibbling and fawning and obsequious and fawning and tidwiddling and...
Tidwiddling?
Tidwiddling?
Tidwiddling.
That's not an actual word.
Isn't that?
I think that is tidwiddling.
I tried it and believe me, it's not a real one.
Well, what other words do you got?
Rumble.
Rumble?

Rumble is a secret password for the prophylactic.
It is?
Yeah.
Well, it's rather fitting for this problem.
How about this one?
You think I've got a big vocabulary.
Get a load of this one.
Yeah?
What do you think of it?
Lay it on me, big guy.
Isn't that disgusting?
Come on, come on, admit it.
Isn't that the most disgusting thing you've ever seen in your life?
Come on, I'm not going to ask you to describe it.
Hello, you're talking a little too complicated.
Doesn't that fill you with revulsion?
Are you going to swear?
No, you wouldn't want to swear on the air, would you?
Well, as you may be able to tell, dear friends,
this is one of those hour of slack shows
that's just a battle of the shows.
It's so many different subgenius and subgenius sympathizer.
They're all over the place.
They're scrambling the airwaves.
But yet...
But yet...
Hello?
I mean, a boop.
I mean, a beep.
Hello?
Other show?
Can you hear me?
Come in, please.
Yes, we're here.
Yeah, plug into other show.
We're here with very few sound effects.
Find a multimeter.
What is your trajectory?
Over.
The house is 4 and 4.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
See if you can angle in a little bit behind our ship.
Punch in 4 and 4 and drive this show right up.
Radio traverse.
There we go.
We are attempting to approach your show.
Over here.
The stem ladder's rotating.
Hey, wait.
They're coming towards us.
Get that guy out of here.
Stop.
Oh, reverse.
Rotate tail section.
Reverse.
Reverse.
Reverse.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's time for...
Get those plasma banks up to full power.
...filtration of the subspace...
Dr. Harris.
...around your craft.
We're attempting to rotate shows...
Wait.
Get the front deals up.


As we lay now, we're past the attempt phase.
If you can meet our meeting phase,
who two can join the Bridgman family of subgenius...
I think we're okay.
...achieved penetration.
I think we have transmission.
I think we're okay.
I think we have show...
Yeah, there's just minor damage to the sub-hole.
Minor difficulties.
We can patch that up en route.
Okay.
That's great.
My genitals feel all fluffy.
We're happy to be speaking with you tonight.
How are you, Dr. Howell and Berkeley Show?
I'm glad you're speaking to me,
but how about canning the personal comments?
You know, we're being audited by the Federal Bureau of Demonology,
and they sometimes object to the...
...lower trajectories are only usable inside the outside aspect of the gravitational pull.
We've been raising payments.
We've been raising payments.
Oh, not much.
You know, we'd like not to let these evil perverts who kill student nurses and so on
call us up on the show because it only encourages them.
That's right.
And there was Bob Spent, the murderer who killed all...
And what do you mean he likes me, then?
You make lots of money off of it afterwards when you sign that big record contract.
Well, you know, tomorrow's heroes are today's serial killers.
Children will buy action figures of them in department stores,
and tomorrow's serial killers...
We'll laugh at their antics on...
You know, if...
...down-down situation comedies of the near future...
That doesn't make any sense.
...we all talk at once, it sounds like we're having a party.
I think I'll pass out hors d'oeuvres and martinis.
Would anybody like a frock stick?
Yes, I would very much like a hot buttered rum martini.
Yum, yum.
For public service.
And three frock sticks.
Hot buttered rum martini coming up.
Could I have another frock stick while we're at it?
Pass one this way.
I'd like another glass of that puff more.
Now, come on, gentlemen.
Ew.
Okay.
As I said, the...
Firing one.
...Solons in Washington...
How?
How?
How?
How?
How?
Look at this.
It's a secret ice cave.
We have our proton shirts off.
Yeah, there's...
Besides, we're friends, I mean.
You want to load up that proton?
...the show assumes the position of familiarity.
Oh, my goodness.

We will now have to fire the...
...proton pill.
...the crooks began to worry...
...they can't escape the...
Oh, no, no, no, no.
...off the...

...off the...
...off the...
...off the...
...off the...
...off the...
...off the...

...off the...
...off the...
...of the...

...of the...
...of the...
minor technical difficulties with the spaceship.
Please remain calm, remain seated.
If you need help, waitress, someone will come
and hit you very hard.
Don't worry, everything's under control.
I think she's right.
Gobi, is that your hum?
Or is that my buzz?
Oh, okay, that's right. You got it.
And, uh...
In other news, there will be a completely unjustifiable
but brief war between the United States and the Middle East.
The anti-war resistance will be firmly orchestrated by the conspiracists.
Communism will collapse, even in Korea,
when the Red Leaders finally understand Bob's deal.
And do you know what Bob's deal is, friends?
Well, good luck trying to figure it out from this particular show.
I just... I don't know what it is.
I'll have to figure it out myself.
It's...
But it's a beautiful thing.
Whatever it is, I don't know that we'll ever figure it out.
Not as well as the Baptists have figured it out.
According to this newspaper report here,
from the Dallas Morning News... newspaper,
a Southern Baptist estimate of those headed to hell
sparks fire brimstone in Alabama.
Yes, Birmingham, Alabama.
God only knows how to get to heaven.
But the Southern Baptists estimate that 46.1% of people in Alabama
risk going to hell.
Since the figure from church research on potentially doomed souls
was made public, it is Baptists who are feeling the fire, however.
The Southern Baptist Convention's county-by-county breakdown
of who's bound for heaven and who isn't,
unless they're born again and accept Jesus Christ as their savior,
hit the Birmingham News on September 5th.
It's been the buzz in some Alabama pews
and some radio stations ever since.
Under the headline, Baptists Count the Lost,
the front-page story included a detailed map and box
listing the 1.8 million unsaved by county in precise percentages.
The Baptists said the numbers were only a guide
on where to establish new churches and find more followers,
but some of the faithful...
Baptists as well as others are incensed.
The Southern Baptists have done such demographic research for years,
said Martin King, a spokesman for the denomination
of the Atlanta-based Home Mission Board,
which compiled the study and has national figures he would not disclose.
Mr. King added that the Baptists don't claim to be passing judgment.
We don't know who's lost and who's saved, he said.
All we know is that as we understand the doctrine of salvation,
a lot of people are lost.
Of course, they don't like hearing that they're not going to heaven.
The study took each county's population
and subtracted from it membership of all churches.
After that, Baptist researchers used a secret formula to...
a secret formula, friends, to estimate how many people
from different denominations and faiths were probably going to heaven.
Mr. King said estimates of the unsaved from other creeds
were based on how closely those groups' beliefs matched Southern Baptist doctrine.
The index, of course, applied the traditional Baptist view
that Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, and members of other non-Christian religions
are not saved.
The paper said virtually everyone not belonging to a church congregation
was counted among the lost.
The Reverend Thomas Raynor,
pastor of the Green Valley Baptist Church in Hoover
and the Mission Board's Alabama representative,
said he was amazed by the fun.
But he has a good motive behind it,
and that is not one of judging, but of reaching.
Well, that's a great way to do it, Rev.
But, you know, I've got some sad news for those Baptists.
I'm afraid 46.1% is rather an optimistic number
for who's going to be lost on Judgment Day.
I'm afraid that it's going to be a bit closer to the 99.999 mark,
which is most, well, it's all humans,
and unfortunately 90% of the subgeniuses,
those who did not indeed join the Church of the Subgenius properly
with full dues,
which we cannot tell you exactly on the air,
but we can tell you how to write for free information
on how to be saved in Bob.
It should have to be saved not in Rev. Rainer or Dr. King,
but in J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And that it would be, got that pencil ready?
Because, you know, if you send us a self-addressed stamped envelope
and the accent is on stamped, friends,
why, be surprised what you can get.
And I'm going to give you that lovely number right now.
Just write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306
in lovely.com.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Now you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour on Slack.
And we've been, tonight, because, well, I've been working on that book.
I finished the last chapters last week.
I did.
Of course, now I've got to start on the middle chapters.
We're working on, we're working on Connie this week.
Ha, ha, ha.
Uh, but, um, and it's such a,
such times as that we like to throw together show attacks
from barely screened, uh, tapes from other subgeniuses.
Yes, and those have included tonight, uh,
oh, who has it?
Who has it included tonight?
Um, well, we're playing lots and lots
from the good Reverend Gobi's show up in Rochester, New York.
Uh, this is from a tape compiled by Bleepo Abernathy,
of, uh, and it's been, you know,
we would have been running Gobi a long time ago,
but we lost the first tape and we never got the other tape.
But we, anyway, we got this one.
Also, uh, early in the show,
a little bit of Hub City Spoke Repair,
uh, semi-newly discovered, uh, radio comedy group.
Um, I don't know how to describe what it was that they were doing,
but, uh, you did hear it.
Uh, and the, the song about, uh, Roger, uh,
rock music, I believe with Steve Stein.
A lot of our tapes aren't even labeled, friends.
You know, they get used once and the sweat rubs the labels off.
Um, and Lonesome Cowboy Dave show,
uh, percolating along in there with their evil callers.
And, as always, KPFA, uh, uh, show, show,
uh, the less than a show, more than an hour show,
with Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence in that case, I believe.
And, uh, I, uh, uh,
actually, I need to flip a tape over coming up here pretty soon,
and then we'll hear the most amazing rant by Little Goby.
Uh, it, it, really, I was, I was floored
when I heard this, uh, seamless, uncut,
and probably completely unscripted spew,
um, from the, the, uh,
the little but very powerful Goby.
Thank you.
Stand by, please.
In Dallas, Texas.
It appears as though something has happened.
Repent, else I will come against thee with my clenched fist,
and it is the fist which beareth many eyes
and breatheth many breaths.
And this goes on...
for...
one, two, three, four,
for five more pages.
That was section one through...
thirty-five, and it goes up to...
one-twenty-six. That was not, I did not write that.
Those are not my words.
I in no way feel that way.
I, I certainly would never say that I myself am Jehovah One.
I'm not. Okay?
And, like, I don't agree with anything, well, like, some things,
like, you know, like the pink worms are the kind of biggest creatures, you know.
Um, but, like, you know, like, I don't go along with, like,
this whole, like, power trip that Jehovah One's on.
You know, he's, like, on a total, like, Mr. Swell head.
I'm, like, so cool, you know, if you find out where the center of the universe is,
hey, man, if you even ask where it is, you know, I'll smash your ass.
You know, he's such a big jerk.
He thinks he's so cool just because he, like, rules the universe or something.
You know, I bet he doesn't even rule the universe.
What do you want to bet he only rules the galaxy?
Yeah. Yeah, Mr., Mr. Cool, Mr. Jehovah One only rules the universe.
He rules one galaxy, God, out of, like, how many million?
And he thinks he can get off on, like, writing all these pre-scriptures and everything
and saying all these these and thous and threatening to do everything
and saying that he knows everything we do.
I mean, who is he, Santa Claus? He knows when you're sleeping.
He knows when you're awake. He knows if you've been good or bad.
So be good for good.
No, Jehovah One is not Santa Claus.
He's not nearly as cool as Santa Claus.
Maybe he's as cool as the Easter Bunny because all the Easter Bunny does is, like, lay eggs
and do things.
He doesn't paint them.
That's probably all Jehovah One can do is lay eggs and paint them to be fancy colors
because he thinks he's so great, but he's not.
He's just some puny little god.
That's all he is.
And we're so much better, aren't we, children?
Because we're real subgeniuses.
He's just some upper deity.
But we are subgeniuses.
We don't know anything at all.
Which makes us...
I mean, you can't even use the word superior.
I mean, that's got, like, too many syllables in it for our vocabulary.
That's how superior we are.
We are so superior we can't even use the word superior because it's below us
because it has too many syllables.
We are so stupid.
We go all the way around to genius.
You know how, like, everything's a circle, you know, like, stupid on the top and genius on the bottom?
We're so stupid we go past stupid all the way around back to genius.
That's how stupid we are.
We are so dumb.
The Oxford English Dictionary is like reading Dr. Seuss to us.
And the reason why we're so bored, why you find so many bored subgeniuses
and so many, you know, slackers and, like, you know, beer-drinking T-shirt-wearing subgeniuses
is because we can't find anything to stimulate our interests at all except, you know, some things.
But...
Where was I?
Oh, I got so sidetracked thinking about stimulation of interests.
Well, yes, anyways.
So, like, the Oxford English Dictionary, which for those of you who don't know,
it's like the, you know, for the word and it's got, like, 300 listings telling, like,
the first time anyone ever said the word and and how it's been used, you know, every single time since then.
And if that is like Dr. Seuss to us, well, can you figure out how bored we are?
We have to read, like, we have to raid scientifically.
We have to read.
We have to go to the libraries just to have a little, you know, reading on the bus to work, you know.
We don't even go to work, you know.
We can't even find jobs that are good enough.
It's terrible.
We're so stupid and we're so lazy.
God, this is why we get so many checks in the mail because we're so lazy.
We can't even work.
I mean, it's, it's, some of us are so lazy that we actually do have jobs
because we can't make the effort to not have a job.
It almost takes too much effort to not have a job.
To not work.
To, like, stay at home.
That's really actually quite hard.
You have to be really disciplined in order to stay at home and not work.
It's terrible.
Usually when we watch television or something, especially when it's an educational channel,
we have to call one of our, you know, big off-duty policeman friends over and strap us down,
you know, handcuff us to the chair so we'll watch TV.
It's like forced relaxation because we're so lazy,
it's almost impossible for us to relax.
I mean, we're dealing with all those checks that we're getting in the mail.
I mean, we, it's just, it's even hard enough to just, like, lift up the flap on the mailbox.
That, like, strains our brains.
We can't understand the mechanical design of a mailbox.
Man, we can't even understand how stairs work.
I'm not talking about escalators.
I'm talking about stairs.
I haven't been able to walk up the front steps to my house since I was born.
I have to have somebody drag me up by my knees.
I have to have somebody drag me down to my your我跟你.

because I don't understand, like you know, gravity.
What it? It's just so weird, man.
Gravity?
I don't understand it.
I don't believe in.
That's another thing, subgeniu Grammy I don't think so.
There's no such thing as gravity.
Reality?
No, wrong.
No such thing as watcha.
Let's see, what else don't we believe in?
We don't even believe in not believing in anything.
That's how stupid we are. We actually think we can get away with not believing and not believing.
We so therefore we don't even exist. So why are you listening to this show? Because we don't really exist.
We're just figment of your imagination.
Yeah, we're not really here.
You're not really listening to us. You just are you have an active imagination and you think you're listening to us, but you're not. Stop it.
Stop hallucinating us. This is terrible.
You're gonna frighten all the people around you when you're laughing at these jokes that aren't really happening.
Except inside your own head.
I mean, where do you think you're hearing us from anyways?
A radio? Yeah, those haven't even been invented yet.
Radios. Who knows what a radio is? It sounds like some kind of new like shoe.
Some kind of like, you know, sneaker or something. The radio sneakers. Maybe like, like, you know, radial tires or something.
Sorry.
Hi.
I...
I told you to stop.
What's wrong?
No, that's not a radio. No.
There's nothing there. You're pointing to thin air. Stop it.
Geez, you know, being hallucinations, being figments of other people's imagination is really difficult and it takes a lot of time and a lot of practice.
Us subgeniuses have a really hard life being figments of other people's imagination.
You know, I had a lot of trouble getting this radio show.
Getting people to not be on the air at this time so that I could not be on the air either.
Do you know how hard it is to get things not done?
It's pretty easy to not get things done or to get things done, but to not... to... to get things not done. That's really hard.
You're not hearing anything right now.
I think something's wrong with you.
I don't think you're a subgenius. If you're listening to something, you're not a subgen... I don't know.
I don't know. Maybe you've had a little bit too much of them peels of Bob.
Yes, the peels of Bob.
Which you can get if you join the Church of the Subgenius.
You put on a waiting list for the peels of Bob.
But then if you take too many of the peels of Bob, you'll end up thinking that you're actually listening to a radio.
And even that, you know, listening to a show on a radio.
Better watch out for them peels of Bob. Man, they're really bad.
I don't know.
But how can you get on this waiting list for the peels of Bob?
You have to join the Church of the Subgenius.
And how do you do that?
To get the peels of Bob. To get the peels of Bob.
You have to write...
Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
Yes, that is the right address.
Where is Dallas anyways?
Ah, fooled you! Ha ha!
No such thing as Dallas. Ha ha ha ha!
No such thing as Texas.
There's no such thing as zip codes either.
How'd you invent such a crazy thing like that?
Zip codes.
How about those killer trucks?
Don't worry. Without you to press play there'd be no audio comics.
And now for Gyp Psychic.
Gyp Psychic's in hyperspace.
It's where he went.
Once Wendy died.
Turns the hyperspace rig on on himself.
Pulled the trigger.
All around him.
Gray paste pulled through a blender.
Silent and forgetful.
He had no place to go when she died.
So what better way to find out?
Is hyperspace the same as death?
Is hyperspace the same as death?

There's something happening here.
There's something happening here.
Two shapes.
Dark twisted girders growing skin and bone.

Plaster and paint like life run backwards from the grave.

Squaring out now.
A rumble like trucks.
The lights come on!
And then.
An open space.
A room.
With a hideous smell.
The smell of death.
Gyp Psychic in hyperspace.
Gyp Psychic in hyperspace.
Forget the funeral.
Forget the funeral.
I got to hear the tape.
Gyp Psychic in hyperspace.
I got to hear the tape.
Offend your parents.
For just ten bucks.
For just ten bucks.
It's a truck stop diner.
Name of the greasy time cafe.
Name of the greasy time cafe.
There's an old woman there in a wheelchair.
There's an old woman there in a wheelchair.
Gyp starts to push the chair outside.
Down the street.
Like he's supposed to do.
But Gyp's tired.
He's getting weak.
He's getting older.
He's getting older.
She's getting younger!
With a shock, Gyp realizes that it's Wendy in the chair.
With a shock, Gyp realizes that it's Wendy in the chair.
But as he reaches his aching skeletal hand down to touch her hair.

Everything starts to blur.
Everything starts to blur.
Heat and light.
Cold and emotionless air.
In hyperspace.
In hyperspace.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
You can almost hear Gyp are both like arms open.




Metallic echoes traveled down,
down, down.
It was none of it real.
Like a dream.
Wendy is gone.
At the Belle de Candleview Memorial Hospital,
an aged gypsy psychic begins in his hospital bed to die.
But is he really there?
Or just lost somewhere in hyperspace?
The
mama innovation
is
still
a

She's
even
wow
much




to
her
again.
Her
美味
does
not
Yes, yes, that's right.
Jim Psychic in hyperspace.
Dear friends, I believe that's...
Yes, that was indeed.
Audio Comics, number 19.
Jim Psychic in hyperspace by Dan Rettorick.
And I forgot to bring the box with me,
so I don't have his post office box,
but he has apparently been creating these audio comics.
And, uh, oh, what a show.
What an odd show this has turned out to be tonight
with the long rant there by Little Gobi,
the she-chainer, as she was tonight.
Oh, the strangest.
And what next?
Why...
Are you... are you a moron?
Hey, are...
Is this...
Is this a contemporaneous activity that's going on here,
or is this something that happened three years ago?
I think he's a fluff chick.
He's not a fluff chick.
You're talking about what some cowboy did.
Oh, what did you say?
Do you know why he's off the pajama girl?
You're not the wife of the pajama girl,
but you have a lot of money.
Oh, you're talking about what a pajama girl did.
And you want to show it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm going back to...

Cass-a!
No!

Cass-a!
Pass me that pa-pa-pa!
This way, ca-pa-pa!
No!
Hell, we'll crash this thing...
That's authentic aardvark music.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, come on.
I don't talk to me, but you talk to me.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
If you have any questions, you may call.
Feel free at any time to make any calls at all.
You can request whatever you want, but we probably won't play this because this is a religious show.
You understand.
I hope you understand this isn't just another music show.
This isn't just another modern music and more show.
No.
This is a special show.
A show who inspires young men and women everywhere
to reach and serve.
To stretch their minds.
To push forth those boundaries that the pinks and the conspiracy have set for us.
To break through the plastic bag they try to put us in.
And it's not just a plastic bag.
It's a plastic bag with a twist tie around it.
So we have to push and squeeze.
Just like the twist tie strangles that plastic bag that the conspiracy has put us in,
so does bad radio strangle us.
Just like the twist tie that strangles us and the bag that the conspiracy has put us in.
And you can be the big fingers of Bob.
That takes off that twist tie.
That detwists the twist tie.
Yes.
Yes, you can operate.
The big fingers of Bob.
Or maybe the big fingers of Jehovah One.
Or maybe the big fingers of Wotan or Odin.
Or, you know, Pan.
Whoever you choose.
You know like, you know those games at, um,
you know, at like video arcades?
The ones where you put a quarter in and you like press the buttons and maneuver the little crane to pick up the stuffed animals?
It's like that.
But instead of putting a quarter in and maneuvering the buttons and the crane
to pick up a stupid little stuffed animal,
of course they always have like the gold watches,
you know, that's what you really want,
but you always end up getting like some stupid like little three inch stuffed animal made out of,
you know, strange leftover, I don't know, like popcorn or something.
But, see, see, instead of putting a quarter in,
you, you just give us a little bit of your time.
Just a little bit of your brain cells.
And just slide your brain cells in through that slot marked brain cells.
And maneuver those fingers of Bob.
So that you can detwist that twist tie.
And remove yourself from the plastic bag that the conspiracy has put you in.
And if you're lucky,
if you are true in your heart,
then you will be able to maneuver the crane over to where the gold watch is.
But instead of a gold watch, it will be slack.
Yes, slack for you.
You will get it, finally,
just by giving us a little bit of your brain cells.
That's all we ask for, just a little bit of your brain cells.
That's not a lot.
So this is the hour of slack.
The hour of slack.
That you're listening to.
And you will be listening to until about one o'clock.
So enjoy it.
When our cafe wind is Chicago
What's up, boisterous New Year's party
You should be able to do what makes you happy.
And get paid for it.
Why else are we alive?
Why do people have to work to make money so that they can do the things that they like?
You should be able to work at things that you like.
So that you can constantly be doing things that you like.
Which is what I guess I'd do.
If I had money.
Which I don't.
But okay, alright.
It's a truce.
But I suppose we come one day.
You can see.
And ask as I gaze.
If their door exceeds that all the room.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what young people know.
Although I'm over nine thousand feet tall.
But if you have all the muscle, you'll be up in all the industry in twenty cars.
They don't know until you turn yours on.
They don't know until when you've earned your financial daughters' money.


the day quicklyitu my favorite TV series.
I don't like that.
I don't know.
I'm trying to set up this skinwalker shtick that some sorcerer,
and it could be the government for all we know, poisoning sheep and so forth.
Maybe I could, like, donate them to him or something.
What?
Drums.
You have drums?
Yeah.
Oh, denote them to Chaz and me.
I want drums.
Denote them as a parcel post.
Cash on delivery to you.
The denotation zone.
Yeah.
Denotation?
Yeah.
He was like...
A denotation zone.
It was the worst band of the 60.
See, denotation and the denotation zones.
Yeah.
Dino was real fat, remember?
I try not to use too many denotation zones.
Yeah.
I think it would be wiser if you didn't.
Because sometimes it gets so vacuous and deep
that you can't even clamber up a number or a denotation for anything.
You can't get out of it sometimes.
It's kind of like the doldrums.
It is.
It's like the doldrums, the box doldrums.
And you better watch out if one of them cyclophagotic pirates from the Barbados zones
don't...
Doesn't come out there and wheeze off with one of your underwears.
Come rolling up.
Come rolling up.
Yeah.
With a hearty ha-ha.
Your impotent men with their foolish wells cannot protect you from my power.
And what next?
Why?
Well, it's sort of an anniversary.
So I'm going to go ahead and do this.
Now, ladies, I want you to listen to what his fingers are doing.
Okay?
Listen to...
Just hold in your mind what his fingers are doing.
I think you can just take it from there.
I think you can just take it from there.
I think you can just take it from there.
I think you can just take it from there.
I think you can just take it from there.
I think you can just take it from there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.







Yeah.






Oh my gosh.
It's so awesome man.
name tune up time tune up time dick we got this groovy tune named tune up time
give me give me a key give me a key
you're firing back hal that's what's causing i'm sorry it's an automatic reflex
robot instruments in the rear of the craft
your trajectory looks good uh tighten your cinch a little bit and uh
missiles are projecting towards us hallelujah the missiles are flying
over
we
all right we will launch you into substratum atmosphere
prepare for facing
i'm fading fast what can i do
now in order well they're calling us anyway the board's lit up by like a christmas tree
uh
and uh frankly it's not christmas yet
fire one button hit
and it's frank bent okay frank van alert now up
she's frank's bent to call us now
i want to hear more about this new alternative
it's the bent one
retro me satanas
i hit the devil with a shovel yes sir
there you go now hal is pressing the glass word on the frank vent module take that
and now how about some of this you feed
the kind of war you don't win is a war for your wallet but the more you hit him the more he keeps coming back
yeah so uh
getting really intense in here
i wish i could hear him
decipher your voice through the maelstrom of whirling sound effects but you know that'll never happen both you know that and i know that so
i see a girl in my car
some guy with one eyebrow will fly in and save us
not the same as the other guy who's flying in and saving us

the bra
maybe you guys should be kind enough to get us a telephone number for that other new
oh i'm sorry that's against federal communications commission regulations otherwise we would but uh well i have a pie in the oven and um
1941 the german death machine rolls over europe with typical efficiency death to the ultravision destruction of all inferior subcultures long live the german reich the reich of a thousand years this however has nothing to do with our story
it's monday morning and little timothy is gathering flowers for his little mother's bouquet
when suddenly the sun's rays reflect through his magnifying glass
they make the little plants spontaneously combust and the fumes are whipped into timmy's little nostrils
that smells real good
little does timmy suspect that he is hallucinating
timmy
he begins a strange dream
timmy
he is stalked by many monsters
timmy
with a thousand different wild dehydrated dilated eyes
i want you to go to pop's chocolate shop
but my father told me never to go to that
oh never mind about that
go to pop's chocolate shop
the dream voice orders timothy to do things he normally wouldn't do
put on the little brown uniform timothy
put on the cute little hat
put on the jack boots timothy
now the people are expecting you to perform for them
do not let them down timothy
timothy finds himself doing all sorts of strange things he normally would never obey
take this brick timothy and throw it through that window
ladies and gentlemen
messieurs and mesdames
mesdames and messieurs
little timothy will now leap from the back of the syphilitic elephant
in towards the puddle of poodle piddle
under a flaming arch
now have a victory parade down the champs elysees
and thus it was that a little nobody was able to get out of the puddle of poodle piddle under a flaming arch
a little nobody from newark new jersey attained the ultimate crown of fame wealth and riches
soon timothy is leading a small legion
a crowd of expected do-gooders and do-evilers
across the astonished face of europe they marched
the iron dream given hideous reality
the octopus of evil reaches out across the world
its tentacles ensnared every nation
reaching beyond the pacific the atlantic even the north pole
where it digs deep beneath the earthen crush to build its ufo base
while its huge cephalopod eyes strain through earth's pitiful atmosphere into the endless reaches of outer space
even the aliens begin to take notice of this strange phenomena occurring on a neighboring planet
and uh wouldn't you?
i think we might be able to get out of here
we must soon interfere with this earthen phenomenon
well uh what would our robot know about the life below
hal who you talking to?
oh i see you've got a place on earth
yeah that's right and as long as i don't move from this chair i can keep talking indefinitely to this little voice from far away
i think you are right zabar
these strange malevolent evil may soon spin out across the universe unless we stop it soon
i'm fading fast
i've got scoppy fever and i've come down with a horrible case of the sniffles
but you know
well you mean you hung out with a scopus today?
he's right zabar
it was the famous trial
those strange bacterias in his nostrils may prove harmful to our alien as well
but it is sweet unto the nostrils of the lord
well tell him to come on over here
