🎵
🎵
Are you agitated?
Bored?
Confused?
Lonely?
Unloved?
Are you weird?
Are you bad?
Are you not exactly a team player?
Every time you go to work, do you feel that a horrible joke is being played on you?
An evil betrayal of cosmic proportions?
Had enough?
Have a nice...
day?
Tired of all that touchy-feely cosmic sweetness and light crap?
Again, nearly irresistible urges to pound spikes into the eyes of namby-pamby gibbering religious nuts?
Do you...
hate everybody?
Have you always known that there is something going on that they won't tell you about?
Do you wonder what force is actually driving your car when you zone out on the road?
Do you sense a nameless dread that hangs over this sickened society like some strange cloud?
Do you find yourself questioning if existence is relevant?
If God believes in you?
If it's normal to be normal?

If reality should be what it is?
If it's wrong to be happy?
If health is a sin?
Do impure thoughts literally assail your very being?
Are you more than ready to confront the dark side of your personality?
Constantly feeling the urgent need...
to abandon your hold on everything rational?
To abandon your hold on everything rational?
And indulge unstoppably your abnormality?
And indulge unstoppably your abnormality?
Ever wanted to have crazed sex with beautiful alien beings?
Then this may be for you!
Yes, this radio show may be for you!
But, on the other hand...
Is it...
Are you one of those people who still think you can reason your way out of this holy mess
Yes, this radio show may be for you!
But, on the other hand...
Is the surface scared to death when how do you think you've got that

driven in short to the very brink of sanity by the conspiracy's false reality and the pressure
of a crumbling world then you may be in for a hell of a pratfall on a cosmic banana peel
slack off while you still know how time is running out
looked at it Mike sure I had a surprise look in my face turned to Bob and I said
do you know what I'm thinking Bob says yeah I know what you're thinking I was really excited
Bob and I were both really excited but we were in a rock shop and in rock shops they sell things
and so we were trying really hard to get the money out of the bank and I said I'm gonna go
and I thought to myself something's here I got to know about and Bob picked up a little
dentary with teeth in it he looked at it and his mouth fell open I said you are about to
experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the so genius
watch
sponsored by the church
I feel for you Bob and
I think I love you
I feel for you
I feel for you Bob and you can feel it
so hoist high the bilge water bonnets of perspicacious persnegatives
blow it out your ballast with a low slow flap doodle square off your neck inside a steel
restraining colors of calibrated insinuations dredged from the back alley slime of a leftover
thrown out carted to the landfill and strewn about dream scheme unseemly preening up the lips across
the sharp unscabbard edge of an arabic vision of a forgotten schematic scimitar of pure sun
flung across the heaven and earth and hell and mirth and seven smells from 17 trillion oyster
shells slung across the dung colored sky and the earth and the sky and the earth and the earth and
the void so deeply deeply paranoid and the sand so hot it runs in rivers of gold down your back all over your slacks across your toes and who knows how many times this has all happened and unhappened and de-happened so very happenstance wise and
wiseless and wishless and fishless careening uncontrollably amid the incontrovertible mutually exclusive opposites that imply the sundering of all existence into precisely opposing and perfectly annihilating particles that are mostly empty space and spasms of time that have highest
probabilities of never having known you or your family or anything or anyone you know or could possibly know so get lost
yeah get the hell out of here boy we don't need you
uh yes dear friends and i'm happy happy this is your host happy reverend ivan stank uh of the
church of the subgenius and uh i'm happy because
we're very
very close to really finishing our new subgenius book the fourth subgenius book
revelation x and uh i've just spent the last week uh hacking and coughing and blowing my nose but
also uh cutting out little tiny reduction copies of a thousand pieces of art yes i'm doing the book
designer's job for him the saint palmer vreedies will have plenty
to do
even after i uh finish uh matching the artwork to the text you see when we do a holy book a holy
bible in our church we like to have lots of illustrations for you uh because they well they
help it to sell better and uh oh there's i could well and we've been working so hard on it why
there's not much we can do tonight but like some wonderful things i've done i've done a lot of work
and i'm happy to be here with you and uh you know i think we're gonna have a lot of fun if you're

about the book and also i think you can read from that self same book you know because i look at
these pages and i i see you yes i see you my dear dear friend my and listener uh walking across
those uh beehive honeycomb streets with buildings labeled fear flesh heat gold
water sleep some just have dollar signs or a big question mark
at least that's what i'm looking at and you're a little stick figure you don't even have headphones
on they've already rounded us up like cattle herded us into slave labor gulags and replaced
our names with urine test result numbers but most of us didn't know that we were going to be in the
woods because at the end of the day they still let us clock out go home to our cell blocks and
punch in again for a few minutes of quality time with the spouse and kitties or the drugs and tv or
all four and the takeover the domestication we believe they call it happened so gradually so
quietly and so thoroughly that even if you happen to know who bob dobbs is you might not
really know who bob dobbs is you might not really know who bob dobbs is you might not really know
who bob dobbs is you might not really know who bob dobbs is you might not really care
who bob dobbs is you might not really care of course they they keep you from caring whether
you care or not and it's so much easier to just quit fighting just just listen to the radio and
let the others do the fighting for you you're used to it you can take it i mean it's a living you'll
go on about your job doing as you're told
getting along playing the game making the best of it why not nothing's left elvis is dead
hendrix is dead john holmes is dead the marlboro man has cancer love and kindness are purchased
commodities now why even the gay baby
hendrix is dead the marlboro man has cancer love and kindness are purchased
by the baby whales are endorsing big oil companies
their rock and roll is a beer commercial punk is a hairstyle all the starving people in the world
want back what they think you took but you're supposed to work like a dog just to keep what you
only think you have you can't even die legally yo you can run but you can't hide ronald mcdonald
joe camel ollie north are cultural heroes narco muzak bleats from every corner loudspeaker the beaver
grew up and married his mom what in creeping hell is going on
oh i don't know there's a nice picture of a of an octopus here covering the globe
there's a picture of jesus praying to a car with a spike through it surrounded by flying tvs and
pipes there's a barcode that says that spells out the beast is watching you there's a conspiracy
butthead boy drawing with a little halo over his head and a blindfold and a steering wheel stuck
in his rump with the hands of the conspiracy steering him along is that you my friend is that
you and that's the guy who's going to be the next one to die in the next episode of the show
this little picture i'm looking at are you thanking them for that spiritual castration
the amputation of your abnormality gland which is illustrated here by a little paul mavridi's
fake clip art drawing of a butcher chopping a baby in half oh there's a hell all right but
you're already in it of course you've already heard those gags you've been listening to this
show for five years and uh you still think that we're going to die in the next episode of the show
when the demons tell you that this is just the top floor of hell the hell where you don't even
know you're there you think we're being satirists something like that don't you yeah
yeah actually it's hard to uh know what to read from you you know from this material because um
uh many of you have already heard quite a bit of it uh over the but it's been i mean this
particularly that's chapter one i started working on that a year and a half ago
it's probably 100 shows ago dear friends and meanwhile the normals the smug nutsy's and
poe buckers who were seemingly shopping all around you and blissful self-sustained ignorance
still form a vast conspiracy against you yes you that's right you pal uh honey
yeah listener it wouldn't be quite so bad if this conspiracy was true
i'm trying to sell your soul only to the devil but they're bargaining with the anti-satan too
they gave me this cough there's this terrible cough but i'm gonna keep preaching anyway
i ain't gonna let that virus demon stop me because the stakes are getting higher by the
minute as x day approaches the big nose dive is already in progress friends and we're gonna be
needing parachutes if we plan to bail out in time and we've reached the end of the show
that juncture in history when two opposite the previously impossible things have suddenly
become technologically feasible those two things the destruction of all higher life on earth or
infinite slack for everyone forever and we can only pray friends that those are two different
things
don't be disheartened because it's no myth there still exists this underground resistance force this
army of idiopathic deviance and angry mutations ready to help you lash out indeed
to to make you lash out and well we pretending as we do pretending to obey by day like gorillas in the zoo but garriloves amäß havas


by coffee break. We freedom fighters won't sell our obedience for nice cars, VCRs, furlough
vacation trips, or fantasy entertainment. Nay, nor will we trade it for a warm carge
or cage and three squares a day. Nay, nay, nay. They continue. We continue to fight for
what was taken away when we were born. Our slack. Our slack, friends. Our thought slack.
Our sex slack. Our medicinal slack. All the slack. All of it. All of it. We demand, friends,
as subgeniuses, we demand the freedom to fail, freedom from work, and the freedom of religion.
Ah, yes, our religion, of course. While the obedient Christians are content to drink from
the symbolic blood of their quitter god at the altar, our warrior priests demand the
real thing. And guess whose blood it is this time. They call us fascists when we say things
like that, and they're perfectly right. The conspiracy has hogged fascism for too long.
We're taking it back by God for the people.
Fascism for the individual. Fascism for the people. Join the party that is the rejection
of all parties. Patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
Every yard a kingdom and every child and dog a serf, dear friends. Every dad a duche. Every
mom an Imelda. And all the dinners on time. Abandon the corporate nation states.
Won't you please? And shop black market only. It's cheaper. Because, let's face it, in an
age when American corpo-merger capitalism, practically the same thing as the old Communist
Party nowadays, is in a blinding dizzying tailspin, the time is obviously ripe for a
new faith, a new paradigm, a new prophet. One whose methods both prove to be the same.


A new religion, a new culture, a new world. A new world that can be parallel and parasitized.
The monolithic econo-culture of the West. A religion. A base on pure capitalism. On the
divine logic of supply and demand, but unfettered by conspiracy-implanted neuroses about what
will sell. For as J.R. Bob Dobbs said, offer it and they will buy. And that real religion,
friends, is.
The Church of the Subgenius and the Prophet is J.R. Bob Dobbs, Avatar of Slack and Immaculator
of the Age.
Oh, yes.
And, well, hey, I tell you, it'd take something out of a preacher to do that. Well, we got
a little, look at some of these cool illustrations. Here's a devil, a pentagram devil head with
a little pipe. See, that little pipe, for those of you who've never seen any of the
illustrated subgenius materials, printed materials, I mean, I know some of you just,
hey, radio show's free. I ain't gonna go to a bookstore and look around, no. But, yeah,
we're, I'm happy, man. I'm real happy because I've been working on this book with many of
us, about a hundred of us, but about four of us mainly have been working on this book,
mainly me, really.
For two years now, more than two years, and finally, finally, I'm getting to the point
where I can hold pages in my hand and see the art sitting right next to the text, and
the art is so sick, it makes the text even sicker, and it gives it a little twist sometimes.
You know, at times, subgenius materials can run the risk of sounding mayhaps, yes, even
preachy.
And, uh,
and we know, I was right to let myself get away with that, because when you lay this,
these pictures, this butt-faced angel blowing this trumpet,
it just, it takes the curse off, and puts the curse on the reader, dear friends. But,
in the meanwhile, I don't want to let the, uh, sacred babble of Bob be, uh,
drowned out by the pathetic peep, peep, peep of pinkness. No, uh,
this, so, what, what, what was I, oh, we got a, an interesting new tape here, from, uh,
a band, we, we'll call it a band, called Vavum, and, uh, actually, the individual is
Reverend Scott Orsi, an old subgenius, and, uh, no, I'm not going to do it to you, uh,
but I will, I will play this, this particular piece, and, uh, I'm going to play it to you,
this particular piece, uh, which is, uh, called Lies, All Lies. I'd like to dedicate this to my
friend, Palmer Vredes. I got a recording of the President of the United States, and here's what
he said. Read my lips. Don't read my lips. Tell the truth. You don't have to believe that. Great
men must keep their word.
Trust. I'm interested in what we can trust them to do, what you can trust me to do.
They can't put their trust in me.
Insanity is just doing the same old thing over and over again, and expecting a different result.
It's word against the President. It's word against the President. It's word against the President.
It's word against the President.
Read my lips.
The economy is strengthening. The economy continues to grow.
I experimented with my own time.
You can't take what's Carradine as an example.
I am writing to you.
You didn't inhale.
Don't read my lips and didn't inhale.
I have said I don't believe that the proper course of action is to have me run as President.
I do believe the proper
course of action is to run me as the
candidate.
Tell the truth.
It's word against the Presidents. It's word against the Presidents. It's word against the Presidents. It's word against the Presidents.
Thirty million jobs in the next eight years.
I'm here. Promise and forget. Promise, promise and forget. Our policies have not failed. Tell the truth. The kind of guy who will say anything, do anything for political gain. I have laid up my mind and I've told you what my position was. I am not going to raise taxes on the middle class to pay for these programs. Tell the truth. When I get up in the morning, I say a little prayer that I won't make any stupid little mistakes.
It's word against the president. It's word against the president. It's word against the president. It's word against the president.
We have heard the trumpets.
This administration is committed to a balanced budget and we will fight to the last blow to achieve it by 1984.
Governor Clinton hopes to exploit the darker impulses of this uncertain age.
Fear.
Fear of the unknown.
One day I'm a hayseed, the governor of a small southern state.
The next day I'm an Oxford man who has an enormous advantage in a debate.
If they ever put this guy in Mount Rushmore, they'll have to have two faces for it.
People have got to know whether or not their president's a crook.
Well, I'm not a crook.
Every four years, they send you all kinds of messages to tell you how to vote and they go back to business as usual.
It's said that politics is curated for this.
Tell the truth and I make no apologies for that!
It's word against the president's. It's word against the president.
It's word against the president's. It's word against the president's.
It's word against the president's. It's word against the president's.
It's word against the president's. It's word against the president's.
букle
It's word against the president's.


You don't have Nixon to kick around anymore.
rz
and welcome. The sermon tonight is one of the most horrifying sermons ever spoken.
I'd like to apologize in advance for its shocking contents because I feel compelled to deliver it
simply because as the end times approach, it becomes more relevant now than ever before.
I call this little treatise Meditation 17, Why All Humans Must Be Euthanized.
Not too many years ago, psychologists conducted an experiment on a group of average American
college kids. They wanted to discover what would happen if these fine young men and women were put
in control of other men and women. This young group of volunteers were given the power to
inflict pain on their colleagues as punishment for not answering trivial questions correctly
or disobeying instructions in some minuscule manner. Now what happened?

What happened was that the experiment had to be aborted because it quickly got out of hand.
The psychologists found out that they literally had a group of monsters on their hands.
These college kids, the cream of the American crop, the future movers and shakers of society,
the managers and corporate presidents of tomorrow demonstrated with undeniable repetition their
ability, no, no, their pleasure in torturing the world.

They were able to turn on the electric shock on the other side of one-way glass.
Hard to believe but true. These young kids were provided machine dials that they could
turn to increase the electrical shock to fellow students on the other side of one-way glass.
They turned those dials up so far that if the actual voltage on the meters had been
delivered, the other students would have been fried like bacon.
Well the psychologists, they were aghast.
They had no idea that something this dramatic and severe would or could happen.
After all, these kids were just, well, kids. Most of them had been pampered all their lives
and had everything handed to them on a silver platter.
There was no reason for them to punish their victims like that.
Yet with very few exceptions, they delivered as much pain to their peers as possible.
Now we, the subgenius line, come from a different school of thought than the psychoanalysts.
We're not liberal humanists. We do not feel that human beings are, at their core, good
and kind-hearted.
No, no, we've been observing the human race far too long to make that mistake.
Indeed, our entire faith is based on one principle of human behavior.
That principle, simply stated, is thus.
Humans exist to either hurt or be hurt.
Yes, it's a sad fact.
But an unmistakable one.
The entire history of mankind is an eternal testament to this simple, universal truth.
How many poets have we heard lament over the tragedy of man's inhumanity to man?
Why is it, they cry, impossible for man to learn from his evil ways and change this dreadful practice?
Alas, we respond, man has learned from his evil ways.
And the dreadful practice has, in fact, changed.
It has evolved into a more sophisticated form of human behavior.
It has been replaced with a drawn-out and carefully cultivated pain, an institutionalized
torture we call the conspiracy.
Why these ivory tower types need to go and set up experiments to quantify the degree
in which humans will stick to one another is the joke of the 20th century.
One need only open their eyes to see the same experiment conducted every single day through
the auspices of the conspiracy.
Just sit back and watch millions of humans march stoically to their daily jobs, where
they suffer hour after hour as their boss routinely cranks up that dial full blast, making
them dance like ducks on an electric grid in some sick conspiracy carnival sideshow.
And you know what, friends?
For the most part, they cease to exist as thinking human beings.
They do.
For why else would these pathetic creatures return to work the very next day for the same truth?
For the treatment.
Certainly not for those little pieces of green paper.
No, sir.
Either they are brain-dead lobotomized zombies incapable of thought, or else these sickly
souls have some other, more sinister motive of their own.
Yes, dear friends, there's no sense in us denying it any longer, the horrible truth
we've said all along, yet psychologists have refused to acknowledge, yet deep down know
is true.
That a certain percentage of these so-called...
humans, if not the vast majority of them, tolerate their incredible pain with one goal
in mind.
To succeed, so that they may be promoted to position where they can inflict the same pain
on someone else.
Oh, they won't admit it.
No, sirree.
In fact, most of them not only will deny it, they'll claim the only reason they really
joined the system was so that they could change it.
But, put them on the other side of that one-way glass, and just see how many of them don't
start fondling that dial.
Here endeth the word of awe.
Amen.
Oh, oh, amen!
Oh, Father Joe Mama, the great, the Father Joe Mama.
Wonderful sermon there, and oh, what next?
I don't know quite what to tell you, except that you know, with the church, with the
church of the subgenius, friend, you can turn crap into gold.
Yes, your money woes, they'll be solved instantly.
Why work?
Harness your eccentricities for your own gain.
Make $200 an hour, lying flat on your back.
For Bob.
Yes, Bob will let you stretch that third nostril opening.
You'll whiff-read the weaknesses of your business foes.
Now, other cults say it's better to give than receive.
But in Bob's philosophy, it's much better to take than to receive.
Note the subtle difference.
So, move over, Scientology and Masons.
Here comes the new ruthless business cult.
And friends, if you urinate, you're sure to be interested in this.
It's a must for all TV lovers.
Experience the lounge chair transformation.
The transcendence of slack.
It lines stomach walls with a natural anxiety damper.
Subdues violent spasms.
You'll love it.
Your mom will too, kids.
Well, it's almost time for me to flip show.
I'm going to let the Rudy Schwartz Project take us a little bit further along here.
It looks like the thunderclouds are getting closer and closer.
Ah, yes.
SO MUCH UNFUN


DIAMOND
THE WITNY PLY
Verbочek
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
An extra bonus pineapples
Creamy good coleslaw
The commendation's for two
Just Pia and you
At the Howard Johnson's out on highway two
Swirly birdie do
Two corndogs special at Bugs
Two corndogs special at Bugs
Shazam!
It's good!
Oh, yes, dear fans.
That was Joe Newman
undergoing the name Rudy Schwartz Project.
That's a CD that one can actually find in places.
And, you know, some of you are...
You never know what you're going to hear on this show.
I mean, one minute it's almost socially relevant protest material
and then suddenly...
It's a silly corny dog stuff.
And, well, I just wanted to point out
So Frank Zappa's dead.
Big deal.
You know, there's more stuff out there.
You don't need to stay in mourning for Zappa.
There's Joe Newman.
There's Zoot's Riff.
There's all kinds of people.
I may be able to pack some more ancient Captain Beefheart
who is sort of no more from what I understand.
Anyway.
Oh.
Where am I? Where am I?
Oh, I know where I am.
We'll just...
I'll just lean back here in the church
where, you know, friends, you can live with your sins.
Yeah, because we use promises of sex
to lure converts.
So come and get it.
It's not pornography, officer.
It's just empowerment.
Because through Bob,
you can learn to masturbate without going blind.
You'll learn to perform astral sex
with anyone you want.
You'll be able to have intercourse
with beautiful, live, nude,
why mine,
or damn near anything else,
Mystery Babylon the Great,
the Mother of Harlot said.
Abominations of the Earth.
Abominations of the Earth.


I'm not sure if you've watched some P5
because Bob is a sex god
and he's come to rationalize your sins.
Mm-hmm.
Through the Master Bob's patented techniques
of astrochemistry
and BP Wow's amazing tantric deviational technology,
you'll learn the real secret
behind magic and Freemasonry.
Sex hurt.
Sex hurt, yeah.
Until it feels...
so good it hurts.
You know, the restrained fury of fornication
can be rechanneled to release hidden energies
which allow communication
with higher intelligences from the stars.
And your orgasmonic radiations
or etheric fallout from any sex
not for procreation
will affect the DNA,
the genes of the normals around you,
causing their kids to be born subgeniuses.
You now not only have a right, friend,
but a duty,
that's right, a duty,
to do anything you want
with any consenting partner
and we'll help you to find at least one.
Free blessing cloth with every orgasm.
Our women are screaming to meet your love.
We're lonely lads and lassies
and our men are dying to ravish
you subgenius gals and guys.
We honestly don't care what you look like.
Really.
Don't fall for the bashful act.
Just politely state your intentions.
Politely is the key word here.
And then sit back and watch the action begin.
It's that simple.
You'll be able to quit or start doing it
in a matter of days.
Don't bother with old fashioned dowsing rods ever again.
Plus, baldness will be cured with new beard migration techniques.
Growth.
Smaller, firmer, larger, beautiful breasts.
The church applies directly to the wound.
Just like this radio show.
No digging.
It stripes the cerebral circuit
with easy one-handed operation.
Satisfied?
I'll say your every fetish.
Your sweetie will never even know you used it.
It's a real subgenius.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I.
Ego, ego, ego.
There you go.
Plugging into the MeeGo system,
the subgenius inflates to an amazing size.
Water spatula,
water filter implemented.
Ener wipnoc RyEM Dont put it into theжеik
So long, you rock.
Am I on? Where's the rest of me?
Oh, man.
It works.
And so, once again, good...
Oh, what happened there?
If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and stop bothering me.
People born under the sign of the rutabaga are...
They tend to crouch in the dirt and absorb nutrients from the soil.
I can't believe you could do anything with those things.
They are down to earth, earthy, and of the soil.
They are open soiled, soiled and soiling the earth,
earthy and squat down in the dirt.
Are you film, all right?
Yes, this show is...
Why would we fake it?
Because this is the show.
That's what they do.
Why would you fake it to make me talk?
What other reason to make me talk?
Talk! Talk about what?
Grant, come on. It's the show.
Now, the rutabaga is not the common parchment,
but it was the most...
The most subtle vegetable of the field.
Well, I don't want to get punished.
Said Eve.
But the rutabaga tempted her.
That's rain on the rooftop.
It's my sonic specialty, number 23 in the catalog.
Mike's outside now.
Oh, yeah, Mike's out there, but we're not going to let him in
because I'm satisfied to be doing it.
Well, Mike will have to remain outside
until we get this audio representation of what's happening.
And this killer video of the guy shivering in the rain.
Now you see the pulsing evidence troops.
Coming down over the hill in front of the Xandoid Monument.
Phantom warriors swirling over a blasted landscape.
Their jaws gape and their eyes blaze
in their eye sockets like coals.
I'm picking up an Echo 3 band search radar from a Dano.
I saw pale kings and princes too.
Got a Barlock search and intercept radar,
probably from a Sam 5.
Pale warriors, death pale were they all.
Okay, I'm picking up Hotel Band Square Fire,
Fire, Fire, Fire.
Control signals coming in from that guy.
I saw their star glitz in the globe
with horrid warning gaped wide.
Too early to get an ID on the missile,
but the bearings from...
And then I woke
and found me here on the cold, cold side.
I'm guessing a Sam 5 system.
I took my eyes out of the CRT
and called up the missile launch control page
for the AGC MADC HARM.
On the right side of this multi-functional display,
we have your...
Your X-ray Delta-1 on vector Niner Niner 575,
mark two.
Read you how.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I'm gonna switch out Dr. Howell to another deck here.
That's a howlingly hilarious Dr. Howell.
Robin's there and puzzling evidence on the,
the, well, subgenius show.
Used to be a subgenius show,
but I don't know, puzzling evidence.
Now it's a puzzling evidence show.
I see, yeah.
Well, I'm gonna move that down to another deck here.
They do that in Berkeley.
One of many spewings that come forth
from other radio stations besides this one
here in Dallas, Texas.
Of course, this is where we synthesize all our stuff
and mix it all together and make a big mess of it.
Let's see how it goes.
Well, as you know, it was Popeye's Angels.
Wait, what?
Oh, you gotta, this is, Howell,
I think for, we'll just let Howell go for the rest.
I think for the rest of the show, I believe.
I've had enough reading this, this lovely book,
which by the way, if the first book,
the book of the subgenius, Simon & Schuster,
if that first book of ours opened the wound,
made the first paper cut, so to speak,
then this new one, man, it, it rubs salt in it.
And of course you'll never be able to regain the pain rush
you got from reading the book of the subgenius the first time
because,
the key was turned then, you know,
and the door was at that moment opened forever.
The seed has been planted
and all that's left for us now
is to turn the volume down and water and nourish the sprout
for all that really matters is the harvest.
Ha ha, yes, the harvest.
And because the basic elementary message of the word of Bob
can never seem so new again,
but then, you know, it never was new.
It was always there waiting.
Only when it became comprehended by you,
did it then become a new thing.
Because that was when the logos bound itself to you forever
and forced you to become that which it is.
That which this show is.
Oh yes.
And by the way,
if you need more information about the church of the subgenius
and its many spin-offs and coloring books and so forth,
just send us, drop us a postcard or a free,
or a self-addressed stamped envelope would be even better.
I'm going to give you that address in just a second
for those of you listening for the very first time,
all two of you.
I'm waiting for you to pick up that pencil
because it's worth it.
It's worth it.
It's not, I know you have to go to the trouble
of writing it down now,
and then you have to write it on an envelope
and you have to write your own return address.
Not only that, you have to get it right.
Would believe me for subgeniuses.
That is, that's not exactly rare, but well.
Okay, here's that address.
Write to Bob, just Bob.
That's right.
Where you can address it to our Slack,
Reverend Ivan Stagg, Bob Dobbs, Church of the Subgenius,
the Subgenius Foundation, Incorporated,
they know us here at Post Office Box, and this is it.
Post Office Box, 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I know you didn't get it all then.
I'm going to give it again.
That's Box 140306.
Dallas, 75214.
And now I'm going to go back to this lovely,
I hope this bottom deck works better than the top one.
Sounds kind of muddy.
This lovely series of bits by Dr. Howell
and also puzzling evidence, and also the ranting.
You'll hear some ranting from Reverend Microphone
from the Atlanta Subgenius.
And Sister Susie, the floozy, yes.
And also some sort of music coming up by Otgothpul.
And maybe we'll even get to Jane Earl.
Dinner 575, mark two.
For Bluto, as you know, was Popeye's angel.
Mark, oh ye gods, how dearly Popeye loved him.
But when he plucked his cursed fist away,
Mark, oh ye gods, how dearly Popeye loved him.
But when he plucked his cursed fist away,
Mark, how the blood of Bluto followed it,
as squirting out a can of spinach way
to be resolved if Popeye so unkindly knocked or no.
Yes, it's sad as the rain pours down
and we think of the inglorious ends
of all our favorite, lovable, floppy, blobby
cartoon characters of yore.
There, when everything moved and sometimes jerked up and down
to the overt rhythm of some piece of cake,
tin pan alley trash,
we never knew the great and glorious mastery of the medium
which would be totally eclipsed in the blasphemous work
of the troglodytic hannah barbarians.
Oh, what a fall of animation was there, my friends.
Then you and I and all of us fell down
whilst bloody mediocrity flourished over us.
Get way lost.
You cross Little Boss Hop up on your horse
and play your little-tiddled-piddled ring-toss.
Nobody wants to cry about stuff anymore.
Stuff sung so slow,
the spaces between the notes and word stretch
so far across moments of mindlessness
that spinning quarks of thought threaten to crumble
into gravediggers on your quantum kitchen floor.
Sweep up your weepy deeps and know the color of the insides
on your sideboard side.
Slip off your shoes, slip your hand inside your head,
pull out whatever you find and dangle it in front of your own face.
Voices bubble up and speak to us.
Test the water, dive, learn to breathe,
and learn all that was ever forgotten.
Learn to live all the lives of all the life that ever lived,
systematically, sequentially, and profoundously,
but most stubbornly, backward,
until you manage to undo every do, every done.
Having undone...
Turn left, uh, turn left on the virtual show there.
That's what you need.
It is a veritable virtual show.
In fact, it is something of a pervertual reality.
A pervertual reality.
Yeah, we're on the air right now.
Okay, now we're checking in with the, uh, parallel universe show.
There's, see, there's a hell.
It's just like a hell on this side.
Yes, it's a...
Except everybody over there is backwards.
Get away from me, you cyberpunk.
You're not me.
It won't be confusing for you if you just follow along
in your show coloring books.
Gee, is that Gobi?
That must be the opposite Gobi over there.
Yeah, nice, huh?
Inside out.
And there's Aunt Bertha further on over.
Yep, and there's Billy and Timmy before they were born.
Oh, my God, what ugly embryos.
It's amazing the vantage point this gives us.
We can see side...
Uh-oh.
Yep, little caller stuck in the echo box.
Well, so there is a caller after all.
You know, I often debated the existence of this mythical beast.
Since one is never actually privileged to hear them speak.
Like the unicorn of classic fable, it is a shy creature,
which often conceals itself behind sound effects
while performing what it likes to think of as a show of its own.
Here I am, and there you are, and let's all get together.
Nobody gets it together like the short but sweet,
sweet but short sick,
as here they are with their latest swinging single,
I'm Just a Clown Who's Feeling Down.
Suicide.
Suicide.
Suicide.
Suicide.
I'll tell you the truth, I'm really miserable.
I wish I knew where I could go to find my happiness.
Commit suicide.
Commit suicide.
Hey, give me a gun or I'll shoot myself.
The next sentence is a very important one,
and I'd like you to listen extra specially hard.
Having undone the sun and all that circle it,
and every sun equally undone,
then life and strife and the pipe fittings of every possible sexual, non-sexual blueprint
becomes the purest bubbling essence of brilliant unthinking sloth.
So, so sadly unthinkable to so, so many of us,
in all the ways and all the hows that we profess
are a suitable test for adequate wrestling referee guidebook handbook,
procedural proposals for nourishing traditional community brain bashing
on page three of last week's spotlight on troglodyte piss testing
for the greater glory of menstrual cramping of the style of Hammurabi
from sea to blinding sea,
and the grain crimsoning, sometimes like fire,
consuming all.
Oh, Mike, we are all tingly and a-quebber with those nuggets of slack wisdom.
Oh, why can't people think?
Oh, what are they afraid of?
Something like the switch hitting redneck melody?
We don't mean to think.
Thinking is not important.
This old boy walked up with a big possum grin
and he just opened the cargo room and crawled right in.
This is about Bob.
You know the thing that was getting me the most
was the way this old boy seemed to feel his oats.
Man, he was really getting under my skin
and sitting over with that big stupid grin.
And for what kind of deal is it?
I got to wondering about this friend of Liz's.
But I figured every minute she'll tell me who he is.
But as we drove along, I thought, man, oh, man,
because me and him and Liz was all free of holding hands.
I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Now, I ain't too smart, but I could still see it.
This whole deal looked all fouled up to me.
So I thought I'd better stop it, man.
It's going too far, because she was hugging me and he was hugging her.
And I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Well, I knew it wasn't right, but what could I say?
I thought I'd just kind of let it go along that way.
But pretty soon I seen I was out on a limb.
I couldn't kiss her without kissing him.
And now I thought, what kind of deal is this?
So I stopped the car and I said, look here, Liz,
you'd better tell me who this guy is.
She said, I don't know.
I thought he was your friend.
I said, well, if you don't know him, what's he doing here?
Then I thought, what kind of deal is this?
So I grabbed him by the collar and I jerked him out of the car.
I said, buddy, I've never seen nobody like you are.
How come you pull these kind of jokes?
He said, well, sometimes it works, sometimes it don't.
And I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Well, I drew back my sword.
I took it out of the car.
I hit him in the head.
I hit him in the face.
I hit him in the face.
He broke loose and outrun a snake.
So now, here I stand, just looking at Liz.
And both of us are wondering who this guy is.
Now, what kind of deal do you think this is?
If you find out, I wish you'd let me know.
Man, it's tore me up like a sow's bed.
You ain't never been tore up.
You've been tore up like a sow's bed.
You know what I mean, Liz.
Bow-bow, bow-wow.
Bow-wow, bow-wow.
This is my scene and it freaks me out.
Now, come on, kids.
Shut up and let me think.
Give me a moment to think.
I'll get you a drink of water and I'll find out what happened to Barney.
No, no, no, no, no.
I think Barney's drowned down by the lake.
I think they found him with nine shotguns blasted in the back of his Teflon fabric little back.
Oh, you read that too, huh?
Well, I believe that was planted by the CIA.
It was believed that certain parts of his body were carved away by the hunters and taken.
And some primitive peoples believed that the part of the body that was eaten could confer upon the E.T.
some of the strength of this mysterious, mythical body.
And there.
The Mokele Mbembe, the African Apatosaurus.
Look at it.
Look at it.
Look at the length of that animal.
That giant monster once roamed the earth millions of years ago.
The Mokele Mbembe
Beep
Beep

Beep
Beep
If getting too near, I'll have to fire a ray blast.
That didn't seem to help.
Fire, fire at will.
That's not going to stop a monster with this kind of music going.
No way.
Well, you know, the music can ebb and flow.
People can change.
Time goes on.
That's a fan letter from Bozo come in.
What about Jehovah One?
Well, Jehovah One is doing just fine.
He's just kind of moody.
And he's unhappy, but he's basically fine.
The points are not coming across clearly enough.
The Brady Bill is a clear sign that Big Brother is strangleholding us.
What about Jehovah Three?
I'm telling you, you know, within years you're going to see
just how much more they're going to take and take and take.
Jehovah Three, I tell you all about it.
You're the one that voted Clinton into office.
Don't get me out of this one.
Now, come on.
I'm going to get out of this crowd.
A political argument has broken out on the air.
The callers are fighting, throwing radio fists.
The Ross Perot-Rush Limbaugh debate or something?
Yeah.
Now, that's one I'd like to see.
You know, like...
You might be right, caller.
Frankenstein and the Wolfman.
Firearms control might be...
Who would win?
Who would win?
Would it be Lon Chaney Jr. or Bela Lugosi?
The end of America has come.
Of course, Bela Lugosi made one of the worst Frankenstein monsters ever portrayed,
being a little tiny...
Buckled up guy.
...been more idiotic.
And Lon Chaney Jr. as the Wolfman...
Won't let even you talk about it.
...bulkingly hulking over him.
So the Frankenstein monster is this little tiny shrimp.
And then Larry Talbot, the Wolfman,
in his bulbous, woolly, tweedy slacks and bulging sweater,
cowers over the tiny, arthritic, drug-addicted Frankenstein monster
as they fight to the death...
Drugs, I need more Franken...
...drugs.
...in Dr....
...Mannering's laboratory.
But then the evil villagers dynamite the dam
and a torrent of water races through the ruins of the Frankenstein castle,
washing away tiny Bela Lugosi Frankenstein monster
and huge, obese, giant Wolfman Lon Chaney Jr.
But whenever you're not in the close-ups that show Lugosi,
they cut to stuntman Eddie Parker as the Frankenstein monster...
...who looks totally different from...
...Lugosi.
So it's as if, you know, whenever you get close to the Frankenstein monster,
he shrivels and becomes this little, tiny, old guy with a big Adam's apple.
And then when you zoom back, he's this huge, muscular ape who looks totally different.
But, however it is, they don't make him like that anymore.
And I hope that answers your question.
Ooh!
But I'm here to talk about the meanest...
Nah, we can't let Zayner do it right now.
Sorry, friends.
It's...
...end of...
...show.
And we'll just continue those...
Oops!
We'll continue...
No!
That's...
...this date...
...the next week.
Same...
Oh, God, I hate to do this, but I could say,
same Bob time.
Same!
Heh heh heh.
Yeah, well...
That's not, uh...
...overdue it.
This is, uh...
We'll let this little...
...atmospheric piece of rain...
...of Raymond Scott music take us out.
Oh, and, uh...
...don't forget to praise Bob.
Uh, and, uh...
I hope that he gets on a my dad's good-time.
See, because then if you're either a girl...

...or, uh...
...even if you be a man that might fail at your chances...


would seem dippin' to Jim Thiso's eyes with poof-ante spots.
All right then.


Oh yeah.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
