It's a Bob world after all. It's a Bob world after all. It's a Bob-K-Y-N-O-N.
This is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
I create diversity of the forms, open to my words.
You that divide and multiply it, hear my sounds.
I make yields league to you, ancient associates and fellow wanderers.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
And this leads me to a somewhat more serious...
The reason that we say Earth, we must get off.
Well, I don't know about everybody else here, but I used to spend a lot of time reading what you call science fiction dystopian novels.
And monster movies, you know, Planet of the Apes, Road Warriors.
End of the world pornography, you might say.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I mean?
Man, it almost looked fun.
It's almost like, yeah, let all society fall apart.
At least it'd be pure.
Well, obviously.
It'd also be pure diseases, pure hell, and so forth.
But, I used to read one of the great classics of the late 60s.
It was Stand on Zanzibar by John Bruner, which is followed by a book called The Sheep Look Up.
Now, those books, when I read them in the late 60s and early 70s, were...
chilling.
Really bone-chilling eco-horror paranoia.
That it was like, boy, we better learn.
People better start paying attention to this stuff or it's all going to happen.
Well, what's in those sci-fi books is absolutely identical to yesterday's newspaper.
Honestly, I mean, it was what seemed like this dystopian horror.
For some reason, well, it doesn't seem all that bad.
In fact, it's...
It just reminds me of the drive over here, you know?
The stuff about endless shopping malls and the same shop over and over.
Everybody looks the same and it's all the same and it's always the same year.
They managed to get around that.
Everything's always every year, I guess.
But, that's, you know, that's what's so horrible about it.
It's because it seems like, well, it just gradually didn't...
It wasn't even that gradual.
It didn't even take, what, maybe 20, 30 years and everybody's used to it.
No, it's just normal.
Now, we're worried about others.
You know, far, far worse things.
So, where does that leave you?
Well, actually, I have a little bit of sort of hope myself.
This may surprise some of you, but it's just a personal thing for me.
I totally lost faith about 10 years ago in all religion, UFOs, ghosts, prophecy, pyramid power, and get-rich-quick schemes.
And I returned, this will shock you even more, I returned to my childhood religion.
Science fiction.
Cheap science fiction.
There is a science fiction book that I would recommend to everybody that's sort of like a hopeful equivalent of John Bruner's earlier eco-disaster books called Earth by David Brin, who is a hard science fiction writer.
He's actually a physicist.
He's a physicist by trade.
And it's a very, very realistic depiction.
It's very plausible.
It's a busted-ass to make it plausible depiction of the Earth about 50 years from now.
And it's pretty grim, but because this guy actually knows something about the way things can work, it's also very hopeful.
He's got solutions for things that really surprised me.
I thought, wow, I'm glad somebody's thinking along these lines.
And I learned, I really have since I switched over from paranormal nonfiction to science fiction.
Excuse me.
To tell the truth, the Earth, the history of Earth and the science, well, it's a religion too, but it seems weirder.
The truth, or the, well, let's not use that term.
But I wish.
I wish to God.
I find myself more and more as I understand that kind of relearned scientific crap.
I wish that I'd paid more attention to math and chemistry back when I had a mind.
You know what I'm saying?
They blow my mind.
They totally blow my mind.
I wish I could understand them better.
Because to some of us, math and chemistry sort of explain how everything works and what everything is made of.
Now, a lot of people will.
Some of you will disagree with that and say, well, science is a religion too.
Which is quite true.
It does take a long time for that establishment to shift gears.
But it will eventually shift gears.
They're all out to tear each other down just like rival cults are.
Now, and others would say, no, the cause of mine, in fact, the impression that I get from most of my religious nut friends is that, no, no, the universe, the cosmos is not composed of.
It's not composed of chemistry and math, but of pure, great, deep, which is fine.
And if that explains things to you, that's wonderful.
Math, for the instance, has gotten so weird and surreal that it might as well be magic and requires a certain amount of faith.
Even modern day science doesn't.
I mean, when you get down to it, atoms and their component parts aren't considered things anymore.
But rather little patterns or eddies.
In the energy fields.
In other words, atoms aren't things and neither are we.
We're all just patterns.
And therefore, why are we so important that we deserve to know the cosmic secrets behind where you go after you die and who started the universe and why and what's it all about?
Do we really want to know, friends?
Because it might actually turn out to be far simpler than we thought.
And it might even turn out not to be fair.
And, you know, for some people, that just leaves them cold.
Plus, you know, it's hard to understand the terms like a light year or much less a million light years or a million years or, you know, an electron and so forth.
Those things are actually kind of hard to comprehend.
And it does leave people feverish.
Feeling very unfulfilled and alone and requiring a soul and other, you know, accessories that kind of go with that whole thing.
Now, if I happen to die and find myself in a tunnel of light opening into this vast new awareness of everything that I never could have conceived possible, I'm not going to complain.
You won't.
But if I die and I'm just dead, you likewise won't hear.
You won't hear me complain.
I like to think, like most people, too, that there is a side two to the tape.
But we better hope Bob or somebody remembers to flip the damn tape.
It better be make your tape a good tape so that they want to flip it.
You know what I mean?
They may just go, that one sucks.
Throw it out.
And sell that with a, you know, re-record over that one.
Wow.
I never had thought about that.
But, you know, on the other hand, perhaps my beloved friends back in Dallas, the Southern Baptists are right.
And when I die, I'll go to hell forever.
Be tortured for eternity.
Which would prove the existence of Satan to me.
Certainly not God.
But I have a problem with some of those, my rival religious nuts.
Because they, I don't know.
I always felt like.
My God, whatever, however you want to take that, probably is doing okay without my help.
As far as I can tell.
I'm not that important of a cog in all reality, exactly.
And, but a lot of people don't seem to think so highly of their God or even of their nature and so forth.
They kind of, you get the impression they think that God is like some little kid, some child, or some tinkerbell.
That needs.
The help.
Of illiterate little old human believers.
Real badly.
Or else, he'll dry up and blow away just like Tinkerbell if the kids don't applaud.
And believe enough.
You know, if you don't believe enough, poor God, she's gonna die.
Well, I'm sorry.
But if I was God, I'd be a hell of a lot more impressed with, for instance, the subgeniuses
who at least are willing to take some responsibility for their own .
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.












I'm sorry.
You know, is God Tinkerbell?
Is God a bigger wuss than me?
Is God scared of, I don't think so.
We used to declare every revival, we'd declare war on God.
You know, if it's that kind of a f***ing situation, why not?
And, that's why we really do think that the gods are a lot more impressed with those who,
as we address them, we don't need to be a God.








we to use another the term in another way those of us who can build our own ship you know because
you can look at the phrase that's a new subgenius catchword it's a joint einstein secret orchestra
and church of the subgenius catchword build your own ship that can also be taken very metaphorically
doesn't mean you have to build or steal a spaceship and achieve orbit velocity velocity
that's really scary and without the help of space aliens I've been told but you know you build your
own mental ship you know build your own world in your head it's not real and if you stub your toe
it's still gonna hurt but if whatever it takes to get you through the day if you want to believe in
anything you know and just don't shove it in our
faces don't get me wrong this is a surprise that some people want to sound like a little vigilante
Carl Sagan or Isaac Asimov every now and then but I've heard the voice of the sand friends I've ridden
the snake I've I guess you could say I've seen the so-called well I've seen the flight life and that
happened before I ever even tried
that fucking time we weren't lucky enough to find out 70 thousand people evidence because
it redundant well rip
that's the line we weren't seeing in the following 26 thing is you know some are
laying
in space and actually are fascinated with the mechanics of creating an enclosed environment
that's not necessarily natural but mimics of one in such a way that it'll last just as long
so that you can travel in it and friends we we're not i mean i don't seriously expect to see much
of that in my own lifetime but we do this for the children friends to keep the dream alive
we talk about this stuff a whole lot just as the older when i was a kid my older generation wanted
to send us off to vietnam so we could lose our legs over nothing well by the same token i want
to see my children sent off in little flimsy tin cans lined with explosives
and bolts hurtling at unimaginable speeds through the most hostile environment possible
to only go where no human has gone before and fill space only with subgeniuses and that is why friends
i find that the research into uh space travel um it's expensive and there's a lot of problems
here and there and i think that's why i'm here today and i'm here to talk about the research

at home that we have to deal with but you know that research tells us an awful lot about the
spaceship we're already on the one we all got stuck with the one we stole and it's an old one
it's seven billion some odd years old i don't know and it's but that's a lot of design you know that's
a seven billion years worth of design has gone into it and uh it works pretty cool really i mean
in fact it generally works so well that we don't have to worry about it anymore we can just go and
do a little bit more with it and we can do a little bit more with it and i think it's a great project

probably have a better solution now but we tend to take it for granted and think it'll run itself
and you know that's to some extent that's true it doesn't need us but um but since we've wiped out
all the other tool using primate bipeds uh we are the you might say that we're the focused
eyes and hands of the biosphere, let's call it. We're the only ones left with hands.
And I got to thinking about that, our place on this earth as badass primates.
I was looking at my dog. I was feeding my dog. In fact, I was opening the door and got to the dog food sack
and got the big scoop and scooped the stuff into his bowl and put the bowl back where he feels comfortable eating.
And I wondered to myself, do dogs envy hands?
Does my dog Ghost stare at me doing those routines and think to himself, I wish I could do that.
I wish I could. I've seen him do a couple of things that I kind of thought I could do.
Better.
I'll find out if he's friendly first.
But I decided, yes, yes, he does envy hands. He's not a complete dumbass.
And to tell the truth, there's something we primates are very good at, which is grooming.
We, you know, pick each other's fleas, so to speak.
When I'm petting that one, or one of my kids is petting that dog, he's digging it.
And he can't get that from another dog.
Now, by the same token, you know, I can't supply the pheromones that he wants for certain other things.
But boy, I can ruffle that animal's hair on his back better than any other dog can because I've got hands.
And that, so I stopped and that made me realize that our place in the biosphere, we're the Tyrannosauruses, friends.
We are the monsters and the gods.
We are the serious, well, primates can kick all the other species' asses that are larger than ten microns.
The other ones that are smaller than really tiny ones can still kick our asses any time they want to mutate a little ways over.
And so that's why, you know, yeah, it's real fun being the Tyrannosaurus of the planet.
But being the Tyrannosaurus of the universe.
I mean, the Tyrannosaurus virus cold bug might be even more fun, I don't know.
But just as we can groom our dogs or cats or whatever, and they can't quite do those same things for themselves.
Now that we've kind of started, I guess we have to, and we have the hands, that means we can either groom the spaceship or the planet ourselves.
Or we can blow it out.
We can just be dumb asses and just...
And then, of course, I always end up giving these wonderful...
I start off with this war on God and end up with this corny, damn, eco, you know, save the planet crap.
And the fact is, we can afford to worry about it because we're Americans or whatnot.
We're in a very industrial, rich, so forth.
You know, the developing countries are all going to be using, wanting to use the same free force of the resources that we are.
But they're not going to fret about the niceties like we have.
They're just going to go for it.
Things are going to go real fast.
And I worry sometimes about...
I don't worry about my...
I've got college-age kids.
I don't worry about their generation too much at all.
I don't even worry all that much about their kids' generation.
But the generation after that...
Well, actually, it's best, probably best not to make predictions, friends.
Unless they're divinely inspired.
And I just ain't up for that anymore.
And that's all that I had to say about the assigned material.
And you get to be the first subgenius into space.
Well, I don't mind being the first.
If you get your car started.
Where are you sitting, Dave?
I'm sitting in a porcelain room surrounded by...
It looks like barbed wire I can see out of a little window.
And there's a little bit of snow coming in through the window.
They put you back in there, didn't they, Dave?
They tried to.
I don't really know if I'm in a safe house now or if that's where they took me back to.
Is it the basement of the auditorium?
Or put me back in the nuthouse?
But it looks to me I've never been in this room before.
What does it smell like?
Well, it smells like lackluster violets and what's that other stuff they put on the deceased?
Human urine.
Human urine is in there definitely for sure.
And it looks like some guys in Nazi uniforms marching around out there now.
No, I guess it looks like it says Apex on the back of their shirts.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, you just...
Dave, you got a job.
I got a job?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't you remember?
You told me about it the other day.
You said you got a job at Apex.
You're one of the executioners.
Yeah, but I...
Whenever they have a prison, man, half of those people cheer for the executioner.
Yeah, but I don't know...
You've got as good a chance as the prisoner when you get out there.
Definitely.
I'm not wearing the same kind of clothes with them guys.
You've got a much more weapon than he has and a cooler mask.
Yeah, but see, I don't got the same kind of clothes on that them guys do out there.
Them guys got like cool uniforms.
I got looks like these...
Like a gray prison uniform like them.
They're like some people that they're pulling out of the trucks.
Oh, oh, I'm afraid you got the other guy's job.
Somebody else must have got the executioner job.
I guess you got the victim...
Yeah, that's what it sounds like.
That's funny because he thought it was...
He was telling me what a great job it was.
He said they were paying him $6.50 an hour.
Isn't it wild?
It's just your perspective, you know?
$6.50, a man can build a dream with $6.50.
Yeah, for about $5.
He can make a chicken ranch out of sky castles.
For about five minutes against the executioner.
But you do get an axe.
They give you an axe.
It's just not as big as his.
It's not as long.
Huh.
Oh, oh wait, here comes the executioner now.
I was always a clarinet man.
Man.
Boy, they got a cool one this time.
Oh, man.
He looks like Fabio.
Man.
Oh, my God.
He's big.
You're in trouble, Dave.
Is she coming after me?
Boy, listen to the crowd.
Boy, they like the drinkers.
They're going nuts out there.
Yeah.
They like him.
Oh, wow.
I don't think they like you, Dave.
Well, how do they even know I'm in here?
Look at all those thumbs down routines.
Oh, my God.
The executioner ought to be coming in your door in about five minutes.
Did you see the little camera up in the...
You're on the air now, Dave.
It's one of those lipstick-pulled cameras.

We're building up to it.
How long do you think it's going to take her to get up these steps, man?
Her?
That's Fabio coming with the big axe.
That's not Fabio.
She's got curly blonde hair.
I'm not seeing this.
Oh, but...
There she is.




You guys see the same thing?
Listen, you're right.
It's not Fabio.
It's Sister Decadence.
Oh, no, no, no.
A friend from Dallas.
No, the toilet's getting hot.
She's got her feet tall.
Behind you, Dave.
No, no.
I'm up here on the top of the toilet, you guys.
No, calm yourself.
Quick.
Pull your belt off.
Throw it over...
Loop it over the light bulb attachment, guard chain there, and loop it over your neck and
jump off the toilet.
Okay.
Okay.
I've got my...
No, wait.
No, wait.
No, I was just kidding.
Mrs. Fabio, Decadence should be there any second with the big axe.
I've got this thing around.
It's sitting right there.
It's stuck around my neck.
Sir?
What are you doing, sir?
I'm hanging from a ceiling.
You're about to meet your destiny.
Get out from under that table.
Please, sir.
Smile for the cameras.
Everyone's watching you.
Half of them are cheering.
Let go of that animal.
Oh, I feel so...
I feel so sorry.
I'm afraid that's not an animal, that little thing, Mrs. Fabio.
Oh.
So to speak.
Straighten up and fly right.
Yes.
Please zip yourself up, sir.
You're on live television.
Are you ready to go, Dave?







Where are we going now?
Out the runway.
You don't have to worry.
You just go.
What about all this stuff that's all over my chest right now, though?
Is this stuff going to stay on me?
That's lubrication for fitting you into the garbage can.
I don't want to have to go into any more of these small places, man.
Oh, look.
You've been selected.
Now it's thumbs up.
They like you now, Dave.
Yeah, they shaved my head.
And they painted these weird symbols on it.
And look at the great ship rising up out from its underground launching pad.
Well, it's not a very great ship, and they're just being very careful.



I don't know if you dragged it up from the basement, but it's a big trash can, Dave.
Yes, it is a big trash can.
It's a tidy can.
It's not a spaceship at all.
And there's 18 rockets lashed to it with what look to be dog leashes and old rope,
barbed wire, and the great trash can.
Well, it's not very good.
The tidy can lid is opening up.
Dave, there's your special lawn chair inside.
Back from the fantasy.
It's still in the tunic.
It was.
I'm not losing it.
It's not a good idea.
Well, at least you're safe from Fabio decadence.
How are we going to get him back from that module?
I'll take my leg up over the top of this whatever the hand is.
Folks, what happened was Dave locked himself down in the science module.
We're doing the radio show.
That's kind of bad down in here.
Well, yeah, those are the biological experiments.
You've locked yourself in with the biological experiment.
Old diapers and syringes.
Don't let those old diapers lay eggs in your throat, man.
Yeah, we've been using that module for a long time.








We've been using that module for a garbage can for the last four million miles.
It's where those alien chestbursters go to nurse their young.
Well, I'm in here.
What do I do now?
Keep your mouth shut real tight.
And if you see any of those really big maggots, they have a nasty sting.
Well, there's a lot of maggots down here, man.
What do I do with my nostrils?
Do I have to close the aperture some special way like the yolk guy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't go to sleep.
Stick a diaper in there or something.
Don't go to sleep.
The diaper's full of maggots, too.
And keep your mouth taped up because those bat things that are flying around with those
big protruding bodies.
Yeah, tape up your mouth.
Everything in here is live.
It's got some crawly coming off of it.
Tape up your...
Everything here's got growing hair on it.
Tape your ears up.
Tape your anus.
Huh?
Tape your anus and the head of your penis, too.
There's a lot of people taping that.
I don't know if I've got enough time for this, man.
This is a huge garbage can here, but there's so much stuff going on.
Okay, uh...
And if you have any open wounds, put some duct tape over those.
Well, I'll just crawl.
I'll just crawl up in a corner.
I'm just...
Oh, the walls are closing in.
Oh, it's the big...
He's in the compactor section.
No, no.
He can't put me in the compactor.
No, no.
He can't put me in the compactor.
Crawl out of there quick, man.
The cars are just a leap of faith for me not to die in this particular instance right now
if I were in a compactor.
Crawl down that spinning blade...
That tunnel there in the center.
That's the disposal.
Climb down there and...
Go toward the light, Dave.
Go toward the light.
Huh?
What?
Go to the light.
And just dive right through the blades.
Okay, here I go.
Here I go.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to die.
Oh, yeah.

Go, go, go.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Hey, I like this place.
Hey, you made it.
Yay, Dave.
You made it.
You made it.
Look at this.
Look at this.
This place is great.
It looks like there's all kinds of pine trees everywhere.
It looks like a glacier over there off in the distance on a snowy mountain.
And there's a lake over there right nearby.
Where is he?
Dave's a winner, not a whiner.
He's a hero, not a zero.
I made my own private space out of my own private hell.
Now I can fly, too.




I could live for myself. I am living for myself.
There doesn't seem to be anybody else here.
Dude, I can hear some people.
I can hear noises there behind the rocks.
They're all having a party, Dave.
Should I go over and investigate, or should I just go on back towards the portal again?
I don't know. That's up to you.
Maybe if you're afraid of them, they'll be bad.
But if you're brave, they'll be good.
But maybe they'll be bad no matter what, Dave.
You'll just have to be brave and hope for the best, I guess.
What's my shot if I go back towards the portal?
I mean, I could get shot anywhere else or something?
It's either going wrist bad or...
What? You haven't had your shot?
No, I haven't had my shot yet.
No wonder you're down there, man.
None of this has happened.
You just haven't had your shot yet.
I've got one of them little glycerin packs stacked to the inside of my leg,
on the inside of my thigh where my testicles reach over.
No, that's for your venereal diseases, Dave.
The experimental ones that we gave you.
And all of your people.
Okay, what's these little pills then?
These little pink pills you gave me in my pocket?
Those are your dinner.
Those are our dinner?
Yeah, go ahead.
One of them should taste just like turkey pot pot.
But I ain't hungry right now.
Well, don't eat it.
Okay.
Save it for later.
I don't need it anymore.
Anything else I gotta know besides meat and cheese?
Those are supposed to last you a week.
That one pill?
I hope you've...
You only have one pill?
No, I've got two pills in here, but one pill is like a half a week or...
No, no, no, Dave.
Dave.
You guys have lost the other ones or something.
There's only two pills in here.
No wonder you're not hungry.
You've been eating your pills again, haven't you?
Dave.
And you haven't had your shots.
He's been eating the pills, but he didn't have the shots.
Smooth move, ex-Dave.
Really beautiful.
Well, you know, I was kind of not really in control of my thoughts at the time.
And I tend to, like, when I wander off, I start chewing on things.
My fingernails, am and am, just anything at hand.
And I felt these little lumpy things in my pocket.
Now, you mean I'm going to be full for three weeks now?
Well, I think I'm going to have one myself right now.
Huh?
Oh, this must have been yours.
Sorry, man.
Is that the one with the guacamole dip on it?
Well, if you find any bodies, look in their pockets.
Any bodies?
Yeah.
They'll probably have the pills.
I'm going to be finding corpses now in here?
This is a beautiful, idyllic lake scene, and now I'm going to be finding corpses here?
Hey, it ain't our fault.
You locked yourself in there.
You shut the door.
The airlock's sealed.
You know, guys...
Well, you're the one who wanted to wear the moon pants.
Yeah.
I thought you were going to be so trendy.
Like, it's our fault.
Really?
Well, let me ask you one question here, then.
Okay, and it doesn't appear to be any sort of panorama or any kind of, like, vista or anything.
It just appears like it's just, like, a flat thing, and yet you can go into it.
Now, you guys are saying I'm actually in another room.
Have you tried changing the channel?
Oh, he probably didn't even know about the remote control.
These, you know...
No, I don't.
We're an amateur.
All this astronaut training that we have to put Dave through is really starting to wear me down as well.
Yeah, but you guys said I was going to be on it.
Last week, we had him in the centrifuge for 42 hours.
It was great.
We cranked it all the way up.
It wouldn't go any faster.
We burned out the motor completely.
And, Dave, you were so happy because it got rid of your constipation.
Yeah, but, see, after that all went out, then I started astral traveling, too.
And there was nothing left up there but this spinning, evacuating body.
Oh, yeah, that's what you always say.
So I went astral traveling.
Well, what else am I going to do when they're pulling my bowels out at 5,000 miles an hour?
David, you know it.
Huh?
You just can't prove that you left the centrifuge.
It feels like I just ate a ton of alum or that stuff that makes you pucker up and everything.
I ain't got no more.
I looked down and my ribs are sticking out.
Something must have happened to me.
There's all these lacerations on my arms.
Go talk to Ashley.
Who's Ashley?
Is mine with you?
No, she's over in the corner, too.
Ashley?
Just march yourself right over.
It's the way it's been done for billions of years.
It's the way it's been done for billions of years.
Just go over there and introduce yourself to her.
Dave, just...
Ashley, Erica, Connie.
You mean there's like...
Who are the other ones in that picture?
There's like babes over there beyond them rocks.
Not a bunch of, like, say, French savages that might beat me to death with clubs like you had mentioned.
No, I mean, yeah, well, Nikki Deathcheck.
Nikki.
Decadence.
Sister Decadence.
And sure, they'll kick your butt, but they're not going to really...
I mean, that's a holy spanking ritual, you know, and that's the sacred throttling...
The furry, at least.
...ceremony.
Susie, that's...
Did you know furry Elise?
Yeah, that's just a sacred reaming ordeal.
Furry Elise was Beethoven's favorite girlfriend.
Oh, yeah, I remember her.
She was really sweet.
Three penny opera.
She had a real loud voice.
She had to yell a lot.
She was real hairy.
Yeah.
That was the...
Yet he yelled.
...hairsuit.
Well, if I go over there, is the camera going to follow me?
I don't even know.
I think we ought to stick it over the side and see what's going on for it before I risk my whatever it is.
The camera's in your tooth, Dave.
Huh?
Dave has all...
He also has one of those cameras that just hover above him.
Everywhere he goes, it goes with him, just hovering.
Oh, man, that little...
It's shaped like a tiny rain cloud, so that it'll look more...
I mean, you can never see it because it stays right out of your...
If you turn really fast, you might see it for just a fraction of a second.
If he turns to your left or your right, really fast.
That's that thing that you see in the corner of your eye once in a while, Dave?
Right.
You ever wonder why people laugh at you in point?
No, I never wonder why they laugh.
And you turn around to see what they're laughing at, and you don't see anything, and they just laugh even louder.
It's why you're a subgenius, Dave.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I actually seen them remote, child.
Not only out of the corner of my eye, one time I managed to turn around quick enough and catch it off guard.
And it looked like this little silver ball with an eyeball in it.
And it, like, the eyeball was looking right after, and it was, like, kind of going up and down, jiggling a little bit.
And I could hear laughter.
I could hear, like, not only it laughing, but it sounded like the people at the movies were laughing at me, too.
And it sounded like maybe the guy behind me would have fallen asleep.
And the people was laughing really, really hard.
But I knew when I saw that thing that things weren't the way you guys said they were.
You guys got me all the time, 24 hours under surveillance.
Well, the ratings haven't been bad.
They did a movie based on you called The Truman Show.
You know, I just hope this is all worth it.
I hope he's ready to go on July 5th, because the rocket will be ready.
But will Dave be ready?
Well, we certainly have put him through a battery of psychological tests.
Yeah, well.
I didn't very much like having my head put in that thing for two and a half hours while everybody poked little things in my butt.
But, Dave, come this summer, you're going to be a hero, man.
Yeah, well, I'll...
Did you ever know that you're my hero?
Well, I already feel like the sole of somebody's shoes.
I feel like I've been stepped on and walked on dog duty and everything else.
I'm on dog duty.
I've been on dog duty all night.
Well, sometimes they'll keep you up for three days.
No, that was test 24.
Keeping him up for three days.
Three days while the dog duty...
Well, you told me I failed that one, and I had to do it over again.
And they were just going to put me...
They were going to mark it off that someday in the future I could make it up.
You only have...
We mark it of the types.
There's only 74 more tests for you to go through, Dave.
One time, I was traveling across the country.
And we were driving through Arkansas.
And we had to stop and get gasoline.
So we pulled into one of those gasoline jiffy parts with the motor oil and cowboy boots and CB radios.
And as I was filling up the gas tank, I noticed this rather large, large, somewhat dim-witted gentleman enter the building.
And I went in to pay for the gasoline.
And the gentleman was standing in front of the glass heater with the hot dogs and the chicken wings and the baked potatoes.
And the lady at the counter said,
What can I do for you, darling?
And he said,
I'll have a potato.
And she said to him,
What'll you have on that potato there, darling?
And he said,
Nothing.
I'll just have...
The...
Potato.
Have a thing for you.









Dad, look what happened.
It's our car.
Viva Vita, Vita Vita!
That Juicy-Way Davis向 http://VT.com.id.htm
And it's a Uер before my nose.

Like a dog without a bone
And active out of love
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
Riders on the store
The worms are not bugs.
They must be for the mandible.
Told you.

Someday we'll all be worms. Someday we'll all be king of worms.
Someday we'll be the duke and the jolly squire. We'll be all the worms.
And their masters.
No, the master is he who has the mandible.
The worm is but the parasite upon the great mandibular god, the stag beetle.
I never had it. I don't want to be a worm. I don't want to live with it. I don't want worms crawling. I don't want worms in me.
The alpha male of the insect kingdom.
Blue.
Blue.
The Madagascar scorpion.
Purple and silver.
With mandibles that can crush the head of a stag beetle.
Pink and opaque beige.
But that can pierce the hide of a rhinoceros.
Blood red.
Pierce the rind.
And we're back at Pierce the Rhino, America's favorite efoliant game for ejaculating and emaciating small and large animals.
Today we've got a rhinoceros all the way from the Congo.
And the round government was kind enough to loan us this huge hippopotamus along as well we can take apart in the next half an hour or so.
But first, Derek, what do you think about when you pulled its little, well, not little, 200-pound foot right off with that?
Well.
I think the spectators at the arena here are going to really enjoy the rhino and the hippopotamus facing off against the giant Madagascar scorpion.
The two-ton mutated Madagascar scorpion made by the scientists here in Dobstown.
And God.
Well, what do you think about the new gladiators we got here to work with?
Some of them, Belzor, the Madagascar centipede.
Well, those aren't really gladiators.
Those are more along the lines of rodeo clowns, Dave.
Um.
And you should.
You should pay attention because you'll be joining them down there in the pit.
They're basically down there to clean up after the dinosaurs and the giant scorpions, the rhino and hippo.
Well, until.
They're a bucket brigade, you might say.
A bucket brigade.
And they have funny antics that they perform as the large animals battle around them.
Well, we heard that some of them actually do.
Gore and trample them.
Well, we heard some of them gore and trample some of them back.
I don't know if this is really a true story, but whether they're just rodeo clowns or not, it could be something a little bit stranger, a little bit.
Uh.
More inhumane.
Well, there are.
Perhaps.
Perhaps we've got these animal rights activists complaining that not only is it wrong to pit rhinos and hippopotami against these giant mutated animals and.
Shhh.
Dinosaurs.
Giant Madagascar scorpions and so forth are large, huge armored creatures.
But that to even diddle with the genes made by God and create these creatures.
At all.
Some of these people think it's a sin.
We've had these animal rights fanatics.
What did I know?
Show has armored creatures.
These mutated giant insects have as much of a right to life as any human or rhinoceros.
And if Dobbs, in his great boredom, wishes to see a rare albino white rhinoceros battle to the death this giant mutated Madagascar scorpion.
Then by Dobbs, so be it.
Well, that's.
And we're not here to argue.
We're here to wait and kill time until they finally let the animals out of the gate.
Well, that's just one.
You can see the rodeo clowns milling around there in their gladiator costumes.
Well, that's just one.
And their buckets.
Well, that's just one of the reasons, Reverend Ivan Stang, why some of the people at the Animal Creation Institute feel that perhaps you've not gone too far.
You perhaps haven't gone far enough.
And what good does it do Madagascar?
It's very kind to pit a rare albino mushroom or rhinoceros against any hippo creatures, whether they're large or small.
It seems to me you're taking advantage of the little buffaloes and hurting them needlessly.
Oh, it does.
You are absolutely right.
We gain no additional scientific knowledge by the torture of these animals.
But our rajah, Dobbs, the master.
That's wanted to see the fight.
So here we are.
And I wish they'd hurry up and get this horrible thing over with.
Look at those milling Malaysian natives and subgeniuses.
It is awful.
But some of them are so well sinewed and muscled.
It makes me wonder they just might make the greatest gladiators ever if you were to feed them to one of those, perhaps one of those Komodo dragons there that hasn't been fed in a week or something.
I guess you weren't here last week, Dave.
No, I missed.
And it was supposed to be great.
That's why.
It was supposed to be great.
That's right.
They were fed a week ago and they're still excreting bits of the armor from the gladiators, plastic armor.
The gladiators have made it.
By the way, they make that themselves out of castaway PCP pipe and so forth.
Castaway PCP?
From the castle building, the ongoing building of the Dobbs Castle here in Dobbstown, Malaysia.
Well, Dobbstown certainly is a beautiful place for the gladiatorial games we've got going on right now.
And one of the favorites is Pluvus Maximor.
And he was a semi impale last week.
But he used to be Gary Mitchell.
He used to be known as Gary Mitchell.
Previously was Gary Mitchell.
Reverend Gary Mitchell.
Reverend Gary Mitchell.
From that list.
And now he is, because of some unknown sin, he's about to be thrown into the pit.
And right after that disemboweling, too, you think he's going to be able to scamper around with that much meat gone?
He's a subgenius.
Oh, my no.
Well, we all are here, too, but I certainly wouldn't want to be in those little Spanish shoes he's wearing right now.
Well, what can you say about a Timor, the guy who has the extremely large mandibles and actually goes for the groin area?
Well, he doesn't go for the groins of the hippo, does he?
No.
Well, I see in it, things can turn out like they should.

And another thing that I'm going to try to face when I see that is both Arian Easter egg and wanted Mmmm.
I'm sorry.
But he wasn't like, Tril不了 em musaten.

Personally, I'm worried about that.
But, oh, no.

Pluto just squirted all over everything, huh?
Speaking of Planet X, to change the subject here, kids,
Princess We saw the most mysterious two bumper stickers on a car
that suggest a rival cult, not unlike the Church of the Subgenius mayhaps.
Huh. And what is the... We dare not say the name.
Should we or is that out of station?
Well, go ahead and read those words.
Yeah, she wrote them down.
They said, drive away Loshan Hora
and build more.
Mostos.
I think those people can't spell.
I think what you got was like them guys who like to whip up bumper stickers for themselves,
you know, on their bowling team.
No, man, I mean, think about it.
Drive away Loshan Hora.
These were really, really efficient.
What language is that?
That's New Age cult language, man.
And Mostos.
What is that?
That's New Age language.
That's alien gray channeling language.
Drive away Loshan Hora obviously means the same as, you know,
fight Negi, fight the...
Conspiracy, fight Babylon, you know.
Drive away Loshan Hora, drive away Babylon.
Whereas build Mostos, duh, build your own...
Mostos.
Mostos.
Mostos.
Well, MOS, DOS, isn't that computer talk for like having a hillbilly erection
or one of those, like a bad feet disease?
MOS...
That's what it is.
It's probably Microsoft cult.
Yeah, MOS.
That's what it is.
Mostos.
That's like, that's probably micro talk for...
And Loshan Hora is a new system?
No, that probably is...
That's their word for Apple.
No, that probably is the Hora of Babylon right there.
Drive away Loshan Hora.
Loshan Hora of Babylon.
No, actually that would be, rather than Apple, it would be Linux and MP3s.
That's what Loshan Hora represents.
Loshan Hora of the apocalypse.
This is the conspiracies version of, it's like the reverse Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
I think they obviously, they used the same, they ripped off the same basic formula.
I'm gonna throw another log in the fire here.
It's gone down a little bit here.
Let me...
They, uh...
Yeah, it's kind of...
I was wondering...
I love stoking the fire.
The air was getting awfully clear.
What are you burning there besides the fecal matter of those, um, those animals, whatever
you want to call them, that you've captured?
These little pills.
You're burning the pills too?
Yep, computers won't work.
Well, they say that if you have enough fat cells in your body...
The Y19999...
Y19999...
Y19999...





1.9999k bug struck a little earlier than the Y2K bug.
And then you guys had some problems?
In the studio there?
I mean, I knew, uh, earlier I saw some flames coming out of the window as I was driving by.
Nobody can go to the bathroom.
What, did it overflow or...?
No, they can't go to the bathroom.
You can't get in.
You can't open the door.
You can't urinate.
You can't watch numbers through the floor.
You can't do anything.
You can't write scroll 666 and Satan rules on the mirror or nothing?
No.
None of that.
None of that.
Those who read these words of wit, leave those little...
For a good time, call Reverend Ivan Stang and then the church number there.
Yeah, 1-888-669-2323.
Did you hear about that Illuminati conspiracy?
Yes, they're keeping Pope Bob Wilson at home from Winterstar, and that's why we have to preach.
Preach.
Yeah.
Luckily, I have a videotape of Pope Bob ranting just a month ago in Austin.
When are you coming, Dave?
Which I shot.
When is it, Dave?
When are you coming?
When are you coming, Dave?
Let me rephrase that.
Yeah, really.
I don't know if I'll ever be able to do that again with these clamps on.
There's a reason for those clamps.
Miles and miles of nipple clamps.
Miles and miles.
There's an album or something.
There's an album.
There's an album actually called Miles and Miles of Cock Rings.
Miles and Miles of Cock Rings.
That sounds like a hallucination.
It's like a punkish album, I guess.
I don't know what it is.
Somebody told me about it.
Well, there's been such a proliferation of weird emaciation cults and people that have taken the modern primitive things one step further.
That's been forbidden for the last seven years.
Most of the natives have their money.
He's the favorite to win the giant mutated scorpion.
It has the intelligence.
Of a chimpanzee and is as fast as a cheetah.
Incredible.
It just absolutely, not even the rare albino rhino has a chance against it.
And that horn, by the way, of course, the horn on the rhino as well as the claws of the mutated scorpion and the hippo's teeth will all be ground up and made into Dob's own special brand of Viagra.
Dob's brand.
The Dobstown Viagra.
Viagra.
Aphrodisiac.
The aphrodisiac powder that you're mentioning coming from all the different horny rhinoceros and so forth.
The FDA has been investigating whether some of these substances are not really just your own mucous excretions or pieces of your hair.
I can imagine they are investigating because the fact is these substances actually work.
They are magic, as you claim.
They are, in fact, foolproof aphrodisiacs.
They are, in fact, the very fountain of youth.
I have to go back to my job of oiling.
I'm going to see news bodies.
Is it all right if I go back to my job now?
Oh, yes, please do.
You can go right now.
But don't forget the cream.
The cream.
All right.
I'll remember the cream.
So there's quite a market for the leftover.
As you were asking, is there a scientific reason for this fight?
No, it's just for Dob's entertainment and enjoyment.
But also we try to not waste the resource of the...
...the rare white rhinoceros horn and the ankylosaurus tailbone and so forth.
And by the way, that ankylosaurus tailbone ground up is the last of its kind.
But supposedly that will make you as hard as an ankylosaurus tailbone.
It's funny how that logic works.
Among many others, I've been flaccid in my day and I know what it's like.
And I certainly believe that everything you're doing here at the Gladiatorial Games is probably for the benefit of...
...the benefit of mankind.
I'm sorry, Hendo.
Would you like some tiger penis sprinkled on the ice cream there?
Do you have it with the honey flavor and the cinnamon or is it the pepper one?
Could I...
Oh, you want the pepper one.
It's made from Spanish fly.
So you're going...
You're developing now a product with Spanish fly in it as well as the...
Rhino horn, ankylosaurus tailbone, mutated Malaysian scorpion claw and stinger, all ground up together into the ultimate...
...smokable Viagra is what we call it.
Dobbs...
Bobco's Better Blend.
Oh, my nose.
It's the name we're planning to market.
Bobco's Better Blend.
Bobco's Better Blend.
I also notice here that you have been taking...
Aphrodisiac smokable mixture.
They all are Aphrodisiac.
I notice another one here on the item box.
You have the ground up the testes of some of the gladiators too.
And all these products appear to be Aphrodisiac.
They are men.
These are the testicles of men.
Bigger men than you'll ever be.
Unless you eat of their testicles.
From the glandulars.
The glandulars.
That's all they are.
These are merely...
You can ask the FCC.
It's quite all legal.
The Food and Drug Administration.
The Federal Aviation Administration.
All of them agree.
These are perfectly legal.
They're not drugs.
They're vitamins.
That's all they are.
Tiger penis, rhinoceros horn, ankylosaurus tail.
They're all glandulars.
And gladiator glandulars are...
They're expensive but they're well worth it.
Well the glad gland here it says has a prescriptural warning underneath the box.
But I'm just wondering, do...
Are all the products here from the gladiatorial games at Dobstown, are they all...
Are they all Aphrodisiacs?
Are there any poisons or any other things that might benefit men?
Well whatever might benefit mankind.
A cure for...
We have a hair conqueror.
It's called the High John the Conqueror...
Hair Conquer.
That will straighten the kinkiest hair.
We've got this kinkifier.
Dew that will take straight Malaysian, for instance, hair and kinkify it up into a regular fright wig.
A Don King afro look.
We've got all these hair products that are also made from rare endangered animals and genetically redesigned extinct creatures.
Mammoth tusk.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Hair pomade.
Dob...
From Dob...
Dob's Conco.
The men's products come from Bobco and Dob's Conco is...
Is...
Is...
For the women's makeup and...
And I've heard that they grind the toenails and those are very, very useful in reconstruction of women's toenails.
Yeah, we've heard they grind the toenails.
A velociraptor toenail.
Yes.
We're getting...
We're getting off track.
Hardest woman's song.
And we've heard they grind the toenails.
We've heard they grind the toenails.
Oh, Lord they grind the toenails.
And they're the factory full of little 10-year-old Malaysian boys and girls in front of their grist mills grinding the force-grown velociraptor's clone toenails.
They let their little velociraptor dogs...
We must organize union.
Don't waste any of the meat.
We grind and grind and grind and never a loaf of bread.
These children are paid.
These children are paid in bread, in minimum wage.
Ma, mommy, I'm dying, mommy.
Eat some of this bread.
It's made from the joints of these animals.
Ground up.
Very good for you, son.
Here, have it.
Back to work, you swine.
Mind that, mean master.
Eat this bread.
Back to work, you swine.
You, you're loafing again.
How many toenails have you ground in the last half hour?
You've ground four toenails in the last half hour.
This is not nearly close to the quarter.
Get back to work or I'll have you lashed again.
Could I have some more loaves, please, sir?
I've been dying to know something.
So, please.
You cannot have any more until you cry.
Now get to the grind.
Those of you in the following sectors who suck butt long enough will be allowed to eat gruel.
That is why delicious, sumptuous, delicious gruel made from the other parts will be half as used.
Now grind those toenails.
Grind them up.
The grinding of velociraptor toenails to be sold by...
Dobbs Conco.
As aphrodisiacs and hair pomades back in the United States to a jaded, immoral, mass non-vocal majority sitting there in front of their TV tubes watching the commercials from Dobbs Conco.
And ordering out by telephone for more Bob Conco.
If you like boys and girls after the plutonium storms...
And smokeable fire.
Dobbs Conco can take care of that now.
One with and you're on your way.
You look so happy you did.
Come on.
Try it with us.
What do you think?
You want to try it?
Okay.
Let's try it.
I don't know.
They sure need it.
Some of the...
I don't know.
You want to try it?
I think we should try it.
Let's try it.
Come on.
Give me some.
But meanwhile, in a vacuum room orbiting the planet Nexon, a radio show is being produced simultaneously in Dallas, Texas and Cleveland, Ohio.
And you've been listening to both the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, and Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Starring Chaz Smith on the massive...
Lonesome Cowboy Dave on guitar.
And Michelle George on violin.
Bob Mozek on drums.
And actually Ace on drums some of the time.
And thanks to WCSB in Cleveland where much of this was recorded.
And Swamp Radio, Chaz Smith's studio where much of the rest was recorded.
And to Ace of Cleveland for the...
Where the Winter Star Festival...
The Vival was recorded.
And friends, you can get information about the Church of the Subgenius from...
Post Office Box.
No, just write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's 75214.
ESO, Einstein's Secret Orchestra is at P.O. Box.
81555.
That's P.O. Box 81555.
Cleveland, Ohio 44181.
There's a website at www.subgenius.com.
I am stang at subgenius.com.
And you can also write to ESO at WCSB.
WCSB.org.
Where you can also hear the Einstein's Secret Radio Show live on the Internet in audio active.
Which really does work quite well for everyone except me.
A thank you and a praise Bob.
Here now are the Earth's first ten commandments.
Thou shalt not witness against...
False rocket ships.
Thou shalt not spill rocket fuel.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's rocket ship.
Thou shalt steal a government issue rocket ship if thou gets the chance.
Thou shalt switch from rockets to flying saucers propelled by gravity waves or the like.
As soon as it is technically feasible.
Thou shalt not breach the seals.
Nor compromise...
The airlock.
Thou shalt retain optimal manual control over all ship functions no matter how supposedly trustworthy thine shipboard computer may be.
Thou shalt keep clean and ship-shape thine current spaceship.
Thou shalt quarantine all alien viruses and life forms no matter how good-looking they might seem to be.
Thou shalt...
Thou shalt not puke in thine own helmet nor befoul thine own moon pants.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
