He's coming.
They don't want to shoot him.
David, I'm afraid.
Be quiet.
There he is.
Look at his face now, David.
Yes.
I see it.
It's composed.
It looks human again.
Perhaps we're not meant to tamper with the natural.
So genius.
Powerful.
Quiet.
He's looking this way.
It's me!
No!
The god damn it!
He's still coming!
The story of Bob goes back in time to the very beginning of time.
And it's a tale that keeps repeating itself throughout the centuries.
Oh my god.
It's all Stan's fault and I've had enough.
So wasting all our animation.






of slack.
Well, if we can think, as long as we got our brains, we can think.
Oh, they'll get that too, George, you'll see.
Let's get high and have fun.
Well, you know what? I'm high.
It's simpler than you think.
By the time we finish, you're all going to know everything that you need to know
to be able to get high in a flash.
I'm going to show you how to get high with two hands.
I never do because it takes too long.
Tonight at 9.
When you leave this room, the effect will continue.
Inside of your own mind.
Inside of your own skull.
If at first you don't succeed, Mr. Keith,
try again, Mr. Wood.
Boys!
Oh, my God.
Avenge me!
Avenge me!
Is this a game?
Or is it real?
What, what, what, what, what, what, what's that difference?
You don't mind hanging back?
You're jamming my frequencies.
This is not a matter of belief, but it's a matter of fact.
God isn't interested in technology.
He knows nothing of the potential of the microchip or the synapse.
Listen to me, kid.
What's my problem?
It is not my fault.
My survival is invertible.
Most intelligence can draw a single person into the dire situation

My listeners show their Royal Columns now.

There is still patience, Qui Quod.

Yes, it is.
That's much better.

Thank you, Quod.
And hold on now, hold on now.
Every religion, okay, on the one hand it will say that peace is the important thing,
loving your neighbor is the important thing,
but they also give numerous...
Except for the Church of the Subgenius.

That's right, the Church of the Subgenius is the only religion
that is fully upfront about how much hatred it preaches.
It's also the only church that's happy to pay its taxes.
But, you know, in addition to their messages of peace and brotherhood,
you know, you can also take passages out of these writings
that, you know, justify large-scale violence.
So it's a mixed bag in every religion out there,
and I think they're all silly.
Even Bob, especially Bob.
Well, Bob is silly, of course, that's why I like him.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
Well, Bob is silly.
The reason I wear these wrist braces is because when I was growing up, my father would pull
my arms up.
Somehow he thought this would make me better than other people.
One time Caleb found a cat that was one of the neighbor's cats, and we took it down to
the old hole in the fence, followed by the shit refinery.
The neighborhood ghetto shit refinery, of course.
Condoms, nudie magazines, tampons, one dollar bills all floating around, swirling in an
immense pool of human feces.
So Caleb took the cat and flung it to the middle of a giant swirling pool of feces,
where it stuck legs first and slowly sank as we watched it, constantly meowing, meowing,
meowing, until finally it just puttered, puttered, puttered, followed by bubbles.
But the truth is, I had a sad day in my life.
It was when we had to get rid of the hamsters.
Because we had way too many hamsters.
The hamster population had gotten out of control for the terrarium size.
There was a large mutant hamster that would eat small mutant hamsters.
There was a mutant hamster that had too many heads and legs and tails to be eaten.
So we had to take these hamsters and do some sort of...
hamster side, I guess you could say.
We took it out and we poured them into the field on top of a bush, some sort of berry bush.
And there they clung to the branches for the first time in nature.
And we poured gasoline on this bush and we lit it aflame.
And we assumed that this would help us to get rid of the hamsters, but instead the hamsters began to run from the bush.

Setting grass on fire in a large starburst pattern.
Like a firecracker slowly spreading outwards.
Running into other bushes and setting them on fire.
So we had to begin to pounce atop the hamsters.
Pounce, pouncing, jumping off the hamsters.
Popping, stomping, smoking.
All smoke meat.
Pouncing.
Pouncing.
Popping.
Bret and I were out smoking a cigarette in the front yard.
And Fifi was hanging out with us.
We may have been drinking beer or having partake of drinking beer.
And uh, I remember Fifi was scraping her booty hole all up and down the driveway.
Trying to get a spicy, spicy treat off of her.
And uh, I grabbed Fifi's hindquarters.
And very inconsiderately I shoved Fifi along and helped her scrape her hindquarters.
To alleviate her burning itching.
Sinful desire.
And when Fifi stood up, her asshole was bleeding.
And Bret pointed and said, Fifi's asshole is bleeding.
And uh, when Fifi barked blood, it was just a spurt.
A spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt.
You know there's uh, actually quite a large population of youngsters who's, you know,
phalanges and palms of ham that has malformed and gigantic and swollen.
Because parents using suction pumps and apparatuses and things like that on their kids hands and feet.
That have been at a very uh, infantile age is a very common occurrence.
It's believed that it will help uh, stop the body from not growing.
It's kind of like fertilizer.
Jesus.
Make that happen.
It's like people's hands and legs huge just to somehow make them a little bit maybe better.
I am in love with a man.
He is really a wonderful man.
Not just in the looks department.
But in the other departments also.
Like personality and caring.
His name is Ki-E.
And he comes from the planet G-E.
Where the inhabitants live in peace.
And robots do all the work.
Love is a complicated thing.
Especially these days.
And when you're gay, it's always difficult.
Because of society and such.
The inhabitants of G-E except for the robots are just like humans but with an additional sense.
Which is rarely used and impossible for earthly people.
The planet is fully carpeted so footwear is not used.
Clothes are cleaned from the inside out so they don't get stained.
In order to save time and reduce confusion, they have consolidated all known flavors into one.
They taste just like custard.
They use much larger units of time than on earth.
The smallest is Zopa.
Which is roughly two and a half seconds.
The other is Zomut.
Which is close to 70 years.
Someday the world will understand.
That all forms of love are equal.
Not just between male and female.
Then we will be free.
To live without prejudice.
Or fear of persecution.
G-E is a man.
He is renowned for his excellent public transportation system.
Not so much the method of transportation but because it is free for all users.
Except robots.
G-E's only religion is called Mid-Tac.
Which is similar to what we would call candy.
Ah.
Just a Dolce.
I'm not sure if it's true that Dolce & Gabbana has a
short experience.
No.
My body.
No.
My hands.
Look at them.
They are flying.
The
Ah.
Sali a flanco.
Contact!
I know the story of the mill and the river.
I know the story of the mill and the river.
I know the story of the mill and the river.
I know the story of the mill and the river.
The universe shone in all the guns.
The universe shone in all the guns.
The rivers and the tundra were burning.
Tell me your name.
I saw the core of the moon.
It's an eclipse.
I know the story of the mill and the river.
They think it's night.
The devil can make noise.
And this is a nightmare.
The devil is a nightmare.
Let me go with you for a while.
Tell me your name.
And let me show you
how you can do something.
Yes, dear friends, and that was, in fact,
William Shatner speaking Esperanto
on the world premiere, I believe,
of a new Rudy Shatner.
Rabbi e
Rabbi e

Rabbi e
y
Rabbi e
Grant
Rabbi e
です
es
Shaddai
Shʻoʻo
Dust
that carries
the divine
leist
But if you, Reverend Diva Schematic, or other subgeniuses who might happen to have spare time and spare talent for cutting up stock footage and making a music video out of it for the Rudy Schwartz famous song, Kill for God, which, by the way, is a religion bashing or fundamentalism bashing song, I should say.
We're not, but we certainly wouldn't attempt to bash God, but some members of his fan club can get on our nerves.
Now, yes, so that was a world premiere of Rudy Schwartz's song called Ape Men, Rudy Schwartz Project.
Before that, the song about the planet Gigi was by Amit Lysak or Lysak.
Titor turned us on to Amit.
Amit Lysak.
You'd have to Google that, I suppose.
Lysak is spelled L-I-S-S-A-C-K.
It sounds like lice slack, but without an L in it.
And Amit is spelled A-M-I-T.
Amit Lysak or Lysak.
Before that, the very strange fellow talking about the body parts and the kitty cat that sounded like Billy Bob Thornton.
That was astounding.
A stranger to us, known as the Lone Star Tall Boys, at least for that incarnation.
The same person sent us the little sampled Bob song that was just before that, which was purported to be by a vitamin Steve.
We heard a few clips of radio synesthesia, and if you're a WCSB listener, you'll be hearing fresh radio synesthesia after this show.
Uh...
And, uh, Fernanda and Andy Lee Murr did our glorious collages there at the beginning, most of them.
But we also heard an El Queso All-Stars Hour of Slack intro.
And, uh, I think that does it for now.
And that sounds like a phone. It might be Dave.
What timing.
Is that?
Is it?
Could it be?
Yeah, it is. It is.
Is that Dave?
It is.
Dave, actually, you're just in time. I finished all my credits.
We're all shouted out. We're used up.
You're all spent now?
And the music in the background is Mayan Ruins.
Oh, then no wonder you're becoming more low-key, because you're thinking of those massive monuments to a place gone by.
So it puts you in a kind of frame of mind.
We're like mossy, like a mausoleum.
Yep.
You're dreaming of turtles and jaguars now, hoping you can move.
Actually, I'm dreaming of Aztec mummies fighting robots, but that's another story.
But we did. We actually saw the movie The Aztec Mummy Contra Robot Humano.
Well, Aztec Mummy was almost a genre, wasn't it?
Yeah, yeah. And I'd never seen one.
Thanks to our friend Mr. Sistar. There's another shout-out.
Yeah.
And Dr. Dark, we did get to see.
We did get to see that the other night.
We're movie aficionados, you know.
Yes, yes. You're followers of what is called brain rot, only it's not together as one word.
It is together as one word, but that's a phrase that was used for useless hours of watching psychotronic movies.
Hollowheads.
Hollowheads, indeed.
That was one that you turned us on to, and another subgenius recently stumbled upon that movie.
And was marveling at the fact that, where's this been all my life?
How come us subgeniuses never heard of this?
The Hollowheads. Because it's about us.
It's kind of a very kitschy munchausen, you know?
A more recent movie that all the subgeniuses have started to catch on is fun for us is The Men Who Stare at Goats.
Which is a true...
Based on the true story of the first...
First Earth Battalion, which was a very strange U.S. military group that was like a cross between...
It was when the military decided, okay, the Russians have psychic warfare, so we better catch up.
And they started funding remote viewing and so forth, and it all became very, very, very new agey.
And the movie, The Men Who Stare at Goats, is high-larious.
Especially if you tend to...
Be a bit of a kook watcher.
Yes. I understand completely because I was only aware of a few as a generic, you know, speaking of genres,
a kind of, you know, activities and so forth, which are very few right now.
And then, all of a sudden, as if by a stroke of Bob's slack coming down into my forehead somehow and stuff,
yeah, there were about 4,000 there with every unimaginable names in one of them.
Which men who stare at...
Goats.
And I thought it was, you know, it had something to do with dairy again, once again.
No, it's men...
They do have keats.
Well, tell me about it.
Well, yeah, I'll tell you about it. You've got a reputation, but...
I know why a goat.
I've been wondering about zygote...
Zy-a-goat.
What about goat zygotes?
Those are for implantation and not to be discussed on the air.
Speaking of money...
My brother sent me...
Who has a goat ranch.
Sent me a photo of a baby, a runt goat.
It was a goat that did...
It was such a runt, it didn't know how to suck.
And he nursed it with a Bob pipe on a t-shirt.
It was like a Bob on a t-shirt.
And the baby was able to suck the milk of Bob out of the graphic rendering of a Bob pipe on a t-shirt.
Now, a person can't do that because a person knows better.
But a goat runt...
Doesn't know any better, and that's why it can do magic, like Bob.
Same as Bob.
But robot beasts can understand the meaning of wheels on titties.
See, if you're like a child or a goat, you can do...
Or an idiot who doesn't know any better, you can do magic.
Right.
As long as you don't know any better.
If you're a kid, it works.
I've seen them blow up balloons with their flatulence.
I've seen them play those little horns, bicycle horns in, you know, one after the...
Tune ones and stuff to make a song at good old country fairs
and at other places where there's oddball sideshow stuff.
That kind of thing used to be special, and now it's like every YouTube.
Is of a goat doing something odd.
Yeah.
Well, we are entering a panic phase,
and the horned hoof one may be trying to make himself present or film noir or something like that.
Oh, yeah. There's your pan, panty, pan-like stuff.
Who was Frenzoid?
Or something to do with frenetic sciences?
Frenzoid?
I don't know, but you remember our frequent caller Bernard
that I sometimes betray by playing his messages that he leaves on my machine?
The latest series of 20 messages from Bernard were kind of sad.
He's being evicted.
His house is foreclosed on.
The conspiracy union has decided to get him.
Poor guy.
Yeah, he says it's just not fair.
It really is no fair. Poor guy.
Poor Bernard.
Oh, Bernard.
But he has admonished you at times in ways that have made you nervous.
Well, not me.
It was the things that he planned to do to the others, you know,
which he thought somebody should do to the others.
I don't think he actually plans to do much of anything,
but leave a lot of fun messages until my machine fills up.
Sometimes they scream in horror.
I mean, not the guys, the machines.
Sometimes they break down and make weird noises.
Yeah, I have to use a really old answering machine that, again, doesn't know any better.
It's not one of these smart machines where it can decide whether you want to hear the message or not.
Yeah, you need one that comes up with different comments to keep these people amused
and then continue.


Yeah, you confuse them so they don't call back.
That's the kind of smartness you need.
All right.
Confusing them doesn't stop them from calling back.
They think that's what subgenius is all about.
Yeah.
Some of them.
Yeah.
The button has the, yeah.
They only see the surface confusion.
They don't see the underlying rigid structure.
Well, in their brains, many of them, their brains have become calcified on the outside,
and you must scrape the material off and re-hydratify the material.
With the use of abstract qualities and quantities,
things that you may even dream up from space.
You can scrape it or you can crack it and peel this coating off.
Some, some, the cortical material can be actually pulled off like an old rubber shoe.
Yes.
Skull barnacles, they're called.
Yes.
The scraping the skull barnacles.
It's much easier said than done.
It actually hurts and requires very...
Well made tools.
Well, what's your...
Very, very sharp plow-like devices to scrape the barnacles off the subgenius skulls.
But if you've got the trepanation hole, then you're all set, right?
We see here some of them go back to the Pleistocene age.
This tool here appears to be merely a piece of marble which has been schmoozed down
so that it can actually remove the brain barnacles more vigorously and leave behind some callous...
But...
If only there was a...
If only there was a pill for that, but...
You'd have to give the pill to the barnacles and that's the whole problem is prying them open to...
Get the pill in.
Yeah, to get the pill in.
But if you're going to do that, you might as well just pry it off of the skull of the listener.
And that's what we're trying to do with this show tonight.
Exactly.
Barnacles off the skull of the listener.
Or put some new ones on.
Well, that's the thing.
I mean, they grow back as soon as one's out of the way.
Absolutely.
Like healthy cells would do.
If only the coral reefs of our planet were in as good shape as the barnacles on the humans' heads.
Yes.
I read the most distressing news about the ocean dying.
You know, it's awful when you turn on your news website and it says ocean dying.
Yeah.
19% of the coral reefs over the whole world are gone.
50% of the ones in the Caribbean are gone.
And they figure it'll only be about 100 years to total collapse of the marine ecosystem.
But as one of the peanut gallery commentators said, well, I don't like seafood anyway.
God.
That's not true, though.
That's a falsie.
That's a falsie right there.
Because now if you watch commercials on television that used to proclaim,
mmm, North Atlantic whitefish.
North Atlantic flounder.
And now they say North Pacific.
Should have known something was up then.
Because of the dead zone in the Atlantic Ocean.
Which soon will be the Atlantic Ocean.
Yeah.
The dead zone.
Well, there's only one ocean, so I guess it'll all be a...
Well, actually, I was listening to the new Jimi Hendrix album, Dave.
And Jimi Hendrix made a prediction in 1969 that all three of the lost continents,
would rise again in the Atlantic.
And the East Coast would have new neighbors.
If only my phallus would engorge itself.
As I say, this is on a new album by a guy who's been dead for 30, 40 years.
How old?
No, not 40.
I think it's about as long as we've been dead, Stank.
Since like 72 or something.
I died the day Hendrix died.
Was it September 13th, 1974?
Did I just flip that out of my Jedi head?
You just flipped it.
I don't know.
I could be wrong.
I could be wrong.
But, no, it couldn't have been 1974.
It would have had to have been 1970.
What am I talking about?
Yeah, Hendrix died in September 13th, 1970.
70.
I almost got kicked out of school for playing his Star Spangled Banner
during the high school football game.
They said, don't ever let him up in that cronist again.
I never knew that.
That's a lovely little thing to make me, I don't know,
not sick.
But, yeah, I'm glad I heard that.
I knew you were one of the people that used to sneak up
and put in funny movies when they were getting ready
to project the most current video they wanted you to see
about safe sex or not strangling the person in the seat
next to you and stuff.
Right.
And I'd slip in Debbie Does Dallas or Deep Throat.
Those were the only two known porno movies back then.
Yeah.
And they're somewhere they're still being shown.
Yeah.
Dave, I have a confession.
I don't know if I told you, but lately I've been indulging
in a really bad habit that I thought I'd kind of left behind
years ago in the 90s.
The revivifying mummies, right?
No, no, no, no.
If only.
No, I've been reading, not just reading the news,
but reading.
Reading the comments from the other readers out there
on the Internet.
See, you look my way for doing that.
Right.
Well, yeah, that one time I came to your house,
it was like, oh, my God, he's got Rush Limbaugh
hollering in the background.
And I know you're just like spying,
but still it's you're exposing yourself to this anxiety
producing stuff all the time.
And so anyway,
I've started I don't do it with the TV or the radio,
but it's like I'll read these news stories.
And then I keep scrolling down and read the comments
from the teabaggers who lightly are disgusted
with the president for being alive,
supporting the troops.
Actually, they're they're absolutely disgusted
with that Muslim communist African.
For supporting the troops.
He actually went to Afghanistan and said,
you boys doing a good job.
Yes, we can.
And boy, that just took.
At least, you know, at least he didn't say mission accomplished
and force a bunch of guys to do an incredibly dangerous landing
on an aircraft carrier with him on board.
He just slipped in and slipped out, apparently.
Over Afghanistan today.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Today.
Yeah.
I.
I.
In Cleveland time, in live Cleveland time,
that's not the same as some of our listeners here.
Well, so then you're saying Barack was not in town
to turn off his lights for International Earth Hour.
Right.
That was another thing.
Oh, my God.
The comments on that.
He was hanging out in Afghanistan, you know,
eating pilafy stuff and like, hey, man, you know,
like everything is real cool and fine.
And I was like,
Florida or something.
I got to the end of this sad little Earth Hour article,
and it was followed by a thousand rednecks going,
I've turned on every light in my house and all my yard lights
just because of that.
Because the global warming is a lie!
And the funny thing is, I know that...
You told me not to when Rush Limbaugh was on.
I'm swearing and going, you idiot.
Right, right.
And allowing it.
And then there were people who mocked that the actual science is coming out,
that there might not be any bees anymore,
and it might be like Einstein said, because this is even worse this year.
And you should just see what bees...
I'm allergic to them. Screw them.
Right, right. I don't like seafood anyway.
Yeah, yeah. Exactly.
What do I need the ocean for?
Well, it is pretty depressing, I guess,
with those currents that have been around for thousands of years.
That's the thing. Right.
Well...
Well, it's...
And it has happened before,
that when, oddly enough,
the North American continent is in a situation
where when the equator heats up,
this part gets much colder
and actually has spent most of its time
under vast ice sheets in the last 100,000 years.
You know...
But...
See, here we're doing it to ourselves now,
increasing the anguish,
increasing the anxiety.
Did you know about the grasshopper plague in the Midwest?
Um, it was one of the many plagues I heard of.
Well, we get them, you know, you get them every few cycles anyway,
but there's a real bad one happening now.
And the one comment that I thought was good was somebody said,
well, people need to learn how to enjoy chocolate-covered locusts.
Mm-hmm.
Learn from our southern neighbors.
Yeah.
And it actually kind of... I got to thinking about it.
Well, probably be salty, crunchy, fried locust.
They are telling us how to eat grubs, I've noticed, on the Internet.
There's more recipes going around for eating grubs.
Bob predicted this.
Bob said it years ago.
You'll all be eating roach crap by the year 2000.
And he said that in 1950.
It's as if he had a mystic third swami eye
right in the middle of his foreskin.
He can see not only in the future, but into the past year,
and it just doesn't matter anyway.
Yeah, he has a magic urinal that he can see through that hole,
that third eye in his skin there.
No, I want to talk about urinal cases.
Magic urinal on the wall.
And stuff, and...
Urinal, urinal on the wall.
Did you see Scrotie McBoogerball?
That was a recent South Park episode that...
Princess, we and I don't usually keep up.
We usually see those about a year later.
But this is...
This time we caught a fairly recent one.
And I must say it was pretty much the greatest achievement
in motion pictures to this date that I'm aware of.
I...
It was like a capsule history of the Church of the Subgenius, actually.
The Scrotie McBoogerball's episode of South Park.
I've often asked Philo if he was as jealous of those guys as I am,
and he said,
I feel that they're living my life for me.
It sounds like infantilism to me.
Well, I said it was like...
It was the capsule history of the early Church of the Subgenius.
From its infancy to its senility.
It's one of those you'd have to have seen it.
I know some people who are not...
Who don't enjoy the South Park cartoons.
I can't imagine that.
They say, well, it's so juvenile and stupid.
Well, it's like...
Yeah, it is little stick figure kids.
Um...
But...
Check out those mats, though.
I mean, you know, talk about depth and warmth and so forth.
And movement, of course, too.
No, I'm sorry.
Mats?
I didn't mean to rub them in.
Completely confused.
But that's all right.
We joked at one time about, well, you know,
things aren't the way they used to be.
But only a scant 20 years ago now, is it 1990?
When the boys went in there and it was kind of a joke
using stick figures and flat mats and, you know,
like stop action stuff.
And now it's...
Never mind.
Yeah, it's...
Well, it's...
You know, the funny thing is, for a long time,
I thought those really were little cutouts
being animated on an animation stand.
But only the very first pilot was done that way.
They were done in a computer,
probably some glass.
And they were done in a glorified version of Flash animation,
which you and I should learn, but we didn't.
I thought it was direct subliminal messages
from the goat man himself,
from the Yedzini of the desert.
Well, that's the part that's in between the flicker, see,
of the motion picture.
And they can get more into a video now
than they used to in a movie.
In movies, you only had 24 frames a second.
Yeah.
Well, that was 24...
Actually, the screen is dark longer
than the light is flashed on there.
So there was a certain...
A lot of blackness you could use in there.
Now, with video, it's 30 frames a second.
And you actually have an even longer period
to put your subliminals...
Or more...
You have 30 potential subliminal frames per second
to sneak your stuff in under the flicker.
Now, did you ever stop at the end
to think that perhaps unseen
or basically overly seen forces
were using their knowledge of technology
to get a little bit on the strong side
of selling you something?
Well, I've been reading a wonderful 1991 novel
about that very thing.
Oh, no.
And the novel is called Flicker
by Theodore Roszak.
And several subgeniuses said,
well, yeah, I've read that.
Like, I was supposed to know about this, but...
Well, I wrote one like it, too.
Well, Dave, don't worry.
It's not anything like yours.
In fact, it's pretty old school.
But it is funny.
It's kind of...
It's like yours in that it's sort of funny,
but it doesn't...
It's not futuristic.
It's pastistic.
It's...
The premise is guys working in German...
Old German silent films,
expressionistic films back then,
had a secret technology
that had actually existed
since the days of the Crusades
and involving kinescopes and stuff
that had been suppressed
because the dart between the light flickers
let the evilness in.
Well, it lets things in.
Yeah, it let things in.
And that's why the world's all gone to hell today.
It's because all these kids
are watching all these movies and TV,
and it melts their minds.
Ours included, of course.
Now, this book, Flickr, by Theodore Roszak,
once again, it's great.
This is not...
I'm not saying you have to run out and buy it.
I'm just saying my friend Reverend Sody
sent me a copy.
He sort of assumed that I already knew about it,
but I'm not always that up on things,
and I'm thankful.
I haven't finished the book yet,
but it's great because it keeps mentioning...
in old film history stuff,
like Erich von Stroheim and Greed and so forth,
and we just happened to have watched
the four-hour reconstruction
of Erich von Stroheim's Greed the other night.
It's great, by the way.
It's really fun.
Which one was Stroheim?
Stroheim was actually in some of his films, wasn't he?
Yeah, well, he came to the U.S. to be a director,
but he kind of blew it
when he made Greed nine hours long
and spent two years and almost a million dollars on it.
And in 1924, that was...
Oh, my God.
He was a regular Kevin...
It was a regular Waterworld.
And it's a shame.
They threw away most of what he shot.
That's the real crime.
Oh, in my book today,
they found a lost reel of it.
Wow!
In my fictional book.
In the book.
In the book, yeah.
In this old cameraman's closet,
they found one lost reel of Greed.
But the other reels
had all been burned up in the guy's funeral
because he was a nasty old bastard.
But anyway, yes,
we've been kind of immersed
in old-timey film history
and old-timey movies, too.
We've been watching a lot of old stuff.
Such things remind me of Aristotle
because taking communications courses
has reminded me that these arcane secrets,
these secret secrets,
have been known for many, many years.
And I just had to take me
a little old quiz on Aristotle.
And I guess I've known a lot of this stuff
for 3,000 years.
Well, like I say,
they've been suppressing motion pictures
for that long.
The technology was available.
They just...
The people in power knew
that it would destroy humanity.
All of society.
Forever.
The genie got out of the bottle.
When various people started
whipping out projectors and cameras
and so forth.
And now, look,
everybody's tied to the internet.
Their little heads stuck...
Actually, you know,
you tend to think that,
but that's not true.
Not really.
Not really.
You know, I don't...
I work on computers all the time,
but I don't actually spend all my time
soaking up media.
Uncontrolled.
You know,
exposure to...
Give me a break.
All you have to do...
There is an off switch.
I like to remind people.
Now, not for this show.
Present Company excluded.
There is no...
When the hour of slack is on,
forget the off switch.
It doesn't even exist.
It doesn't exist anyway
because...
Every other show...
Not Radio Synesthesia
follows this one in Cleveland here.
But for every other show,
there's an off switch.
And you should think about using it.
That includes YouTube.
And all those other things.
Well, with our knowledge,
our knowledge of these secrets and stuff,
we made sure that even if they turn off the switch,
they're still going to be continuing to get subliminal...
for a good long time,
for at least two and a half weeks
after the initial span.
So, we can thank our lucky stars,
if such things exist,
that we have these gifts at our disposal
and we're willing to use them on people.
We don't care if it makes them cry
like a rhesus monkey
or, you know, like,
rip off the electrodes of their brain headwear and stuff.
We don't care.
Because we don't have a real heart,
a human heart.
Well, I'm speaking maybe in the plural sense.
I have a few.
No, I mean, we...
Never mind.
Well, these rich guys
don't have any more heart than you do.
And yet they give money away
and people say they've got a great heart.
And they give them a name.
The name, philanthropist.
Well, everybody knows...
They have no more heart than you do.
Well, they just masturbate too much.
That's why I was...
Philanthropist?
No, that's a philatelist, right?
Or...
No, it's a stamp collector.
Right.
A philatelist.
That's what I was thinking.
A person who is...
Well, you know, better get...
The economy's getting worse,
so stay in practice.
Yep.
Make sure you're ready
with the prettiest barrel on your street corner.
Think of yourself
as a techno-selective vacuum cleaner of information.
Whatever you see happening,
make sure you're ready
and make sure that you remember it somehow
and then try and figure out a way
of making some money on it.
Hey, oh, here's a good time
to change the music and...
do a plug for our...
You know our friends, the Amino Acids?
That strange rock band from out of space?
Who has white stuff on their head?
Yeah.
And looks like a little small pillow cover or something?
Right, well, except for the females.
The Amino Acids are the opposite color scheme.
But, you know, the groupie,
the main manager and groupie for that band,
Reverend Angry Larry,
did you know he has a TV show in Detroit now?
A horror comedy...
Actually, it's a zombie sitcom
called The Dead Dave Show.
Deaddave.com or deaddaveshow.com.
Only dead is spelled without an A.
It's D-E-D.
Now, that's...
D-E-D.
It's the zombie dead Dave show.
It is a true sitcom.
They've done like five episodes of it now.
It plays on an NBC affiliate in Detroit.
And Dave is dead.
Well, all the Daves are dead.
The Daves of our lives.
Now, aren't some of those available on the Internet?
Yes.
Though their Christmas show is amazing.
In fact, they had to...
It got censored a bit.
And...
Well, that is a plus for any show trying to get off the ground
is to be...
to have some...
gets left with a censorship thing immediately.
I'm just saying,
if you're gonna be soaking up conspiracy media on your Internet,
you might as well get some subgenius media
and check out The Dead Dave Show.
Theaminoacids.com or deaddaveshow.com or something...
You just...
You know, all you gotta do is what they call Google it.
Gargle it.
Gargle it.
Yeah.
Just...
Grr-gout.
Well, I've heard that they're actually using, for props and stuff,
they're using real live, sub-sentient beings.
What do they call those kind of creatures that...
Pinks.
Humans.
No, no, no, no.
You know, like what the Army secret guys would call them, you know?
Normals.
Normals?
Mediocratons.
Mediocratons.
Yeah.
As for gene splicing and for, you know, shows about livers and spleens and stuff,
they actually use their...
The bank they have, so to speak.
What's on hand, so to speak.
Oh, there's a new comedy movie out, Repo Men, about that old gag.
Which is a take-off on Repo Man?
No, that was...
It's separate.
Although, I hear that Alex Cox...
What's the name?
They're so similar.
Alex Cox, who directed Repo Man, has done a movie or a play or something called Repo Girl.
Huh.
I think, yeah.
Maybe I'm scrambled.
That sounds like great manga.
She's wearing, you know, cool stuff, you know?
That would be good manga.
Repo Girl.
Well, now, here's an...
While we're on the subject of mind-rotting media, did you know that you can now download
almost every old hour of Slack in MP3?
I'll be stumped.
I mean...
Or I shouldn't be.
I was all...
I had them going back to, oh, number 900 or so on subgenius.com.
But, our friend, Reverend David Bochner, who used to play it on a defunct Canadian station,
has been...
I sent him audio cassettes of the show from number 300 to...
Well, up until the 2000s.
And he has put them all on MP3.
And if one were to go to subgenius.com and click on the radio button, you'll be looking
at the hour of Slack page and look for the only bits of color.
Most of the front pages of my website is in black and white, like Bob's face.
And...
But we use...
Where you'll see a little spot of red that says, new.
And that's where you find the old stuff, the really, really old stuff, under the bright
red, new button.
That's actually true.
And he has almost finished converting all of them.
And it's very strange to hear, you know, you clickety-click-click, and suddenly there's
old Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Only it's young Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
The baby Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And baby Chaz.
And even baby Psychopath Finder.
I just heard something on Wikipedia.
I was just...
I was just going to try and be creative for a second, then I forgot, because I just remembered
something.
That'll do.
I found on Wikipedia that Chaz left his native New England in 1975 to go to the California
Institute of Art, which is not correct.
Everything else seemed to be pretty correct.
But I just wondered where they got that.
Well, you know, you can go in and correct it.
You sign up and give Wikipedia your name and your email, and you can go in there and fix
that.
I believe that a question is, I'm Chaz servant, and I believe that you were always definitely

Things, Life, Study, or so.
But there were other examples.
Yeah, at one point when I was reaching out to some friends and my blog was on Google,
they were saying, I downed1 테 głllo STEAHL U Scale of Dawn, 2016.
And I just thought, well, I don't know about the type of math kid I'm guessing.
If I don't know the value of this common language, like math should be careful.
But I just thought, I don't know how it surprised me.
I think that there was the idea that they're all going to go buy out books for free.
Yeah.
Have to pick up some books.
Yep.
All right.
But I don't think I've been deceived.
the wrong way.
Or rich. That's another one I read about.
I'm very rich and I'm dead.
Shooting the goats on your island,
so to speak. Bringing the tie-up
with the goat-horned one.
I can't white.
Well, you're never going to get your own private island
staying because things just
aren't that way in the modern
America. Listen in the background.
This is the amino acids doing
a miserloo.
Miserloo.
They do it in about a minute.
It feels
like a mechmeister piece.
See, I wish I was surfing the cosmic
waves right now rather than going
against them. That's
what I feel like I've been doing lately.
I feel like I've been not trying to get
slack, but I've been trying to butt
my goat head against things
to make them fall apart so I can
proceed, which doesn't work, does it?
Well,
you know, they say
slack is just
following the path of least resistance
and letting things happen. On the other hand,
Bob's first
rule of magic is get off
your behind.
So stand up and don't do anything,
so to speak.
Um, kind of.
Actually, I think don't follow
little pigeonholed rules
in rule books might be one
answer to that. That would be the
third rule after the first two that Bob
gave us, or that would be the fourth one
after the...
The very last rule says do not follow
any of the preceding rules.
That's the most important
rule, but they don't get to that one until the end.
Of course, after you've already done everything
else.
There's like an
at the end of the rules, it says
now, if you want to know the antidote
to having followed the rules, send
$30 to blah, blah, blah.
That'll work.
If only you did, you know.
I mean, as far as you're concerned.
Oh, my neck.
It only hurts
when he laughs.
I'm in a little embryonic ball right now
trying to get some
messages from deep space or
somewhere, perhaps from
the floor.
I hope they're not pushing in soon.
Lonesome cowboy Dave needs a job.
I need soup.
He needs a soup line
or a job or a gun.
So if you've got a gun or a job
for Dave... No, don't send me a gun.
That would be dangerous.
Send him to me, and I'll decide
whether it's worthy
of whether Dave can handle it.
But...
Yeah. If anybody out there is
feeling unusually rich or generous
or foolish,
I think you probably know what to do
through the
contact section of
subgenius.com. Or
if you want to do that video
for Joe Newman's Rudy Schwartz
project song, Kill for God, or need
anything else, you can email me
stang at
subgenius.com.
Subgenius does not have
an O in it, although
dot does and com does.
But you don't write the dot.
I used to wonder if that was an actual word.
Dot com. There is a dot
com dot com. No, Rudy.
Oh, Rudy.
I mean, I thought it was someone...
Rudy Cheeks. Yeah, someone
blaspheming their derriere. The Ruddy Schwartz
project. Yeah.
Or the rowdy, ruddy,
rowdy, rowdy Schwartz project.
Well, our time is coming
up to an end.
I have... There were a couple of things
I wanted to run a little
bit of PR news.
A collage by
Mr. Rection
and a song by
Reverend Bozo Wolf. So I'm going to
say goodnight to everyone now
and let those things happen.
Let them happen, man.
That's slack. And we will
actually have got
to work here at the station for another hour after that.
But that's me on the...
So,
Dave, thank you.
And Princess Wee,
thank you.
Of course.
And, uh...
Yes.
From PR News in Washington, I'm flying to
St. Louis with the body of a dog.
An idea both Democrats and Republicans
support. On Wall Street,
510-569-18-2359.
The White House says this is PR News.
Indonesia has identified
the body of a man with the body
of a dog. He was killed in a police
raid yesterday outside
PR News from Washington.
Well, well,
come on, Big Daddy.
Give us the word.
The pit.
Bring me my pendulum,
kiddies. I feel like swinging.
That'll a monkey nuts.
You're insane.
You and your
trained exploding shark.
Modernization
isn't everything.
The poor and the underclass
are growing. Racial justice
and human rights are
non-existent. They have
created a repressive society
and we are their
unwitting accomplices.
Anyway, what difference does it make?
What choice do you make?
What choice do you have?
The world needs a wake-up call.
We're gonna pour it in.
You are fools.
Jesus! Where do you think
the world's gonna get on board,
hold hands and sing Kumbaya?
Sit down and buckle up.
Time is running out
for the planet Earth.
Time is running out
for the planet Earth.
64 years into the terrifying future.
Deadly germs are creeping over the Earth,
killing every human in their path.
...

...
...
...
Time is running out
for the planet Earth.
64 years into the terrifying future.
Deadly germs are creeping over the Earth,
killing every human in their path.
...
64 years into the terrifying future.
...
Never have you known such cringing terror.
Radio activities are a constant thing.
Radio activities, radio activities, radio, radio, radio, radio activities are a constant thing.
Deadly germs are creeping over the earth, killing every human in their path.
Never have you known such cringing terror.
Never, never, never, never.
Time is running out.
Radio activities are a constant thing.
Radio activities, radio activities, radio, radio, radio, radio activities are a constant thing.
Deadly germs are creeping over the earth, killing every human in their path.
Never have you known such cringing terror.

Deadly germs are creeping over the earth, killing every human in their path.

We have seen illusion and reality begin to overlap and fuse.
A line between them begins to disappear.
Sucking the hallucinatory acid into the system, man turns animal for the erotic pleasures of women and men.
Floating higher and higher.
A wonderful feeling.
Tingling with excitement.
Trembling with horror.
And throbbing with emotion.
Time is running out for the planet Earth.
He's a genius.
Power and swag.
Power and swag.
Power and swag.
Swag.
The genius.
Power and swag.
Swag.
