From PR News in Washington, I'm committed to laying down PR News.
President Bush is wrong.
I disagree.
The president said he's cracked down on dissidents.
The president also said he's violent if they contact PR News.
The U.N. Refugee Agency warns of PR outbreaks in Pennsylvania.
The U.N. says former unsanitary president Bill Clinton is reading PR News in Washington.
Oh, please stop.
This is genius.
Oh, sick.
Mom.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, we take pride in presenting a thoughtful address by...
Adequated.
Badass.
Giant.
Wizards.
And dwarves.
And we're all on a diet.
And we're all on a diet.
They're ignorant.
Fanatics.
Fools.
A giant, a wizard, or a dwarf.
Hello, boys and girls.
Overthrow the government and seize all private property.
Now.
Birth of a nation treacherous and filled with obstacles.
Rebell now.
Now.
Now is the time.
The new world begins.
Hello, boys and girls.
Overthrow the government.
Alien force invade.
Infest in government.
Call on the gym.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob!
Bob.com.
B-O-B.com.
He has now been f-indicted.
Indicted.
Indicted.
Indicted.
Bidding bidding bidding bidding.
Indicted.
Blondering.
Bob.
He faces...
Bob.
Tom delayed.
Hurk.
Hurt.
Hurt.
Hurt.
Himself.
Finger.
Pains.
Release irregularity.
Blondering.
Bob.
Blondering.
Move on.
Blondering.
Crazy.
Pass pass pass pass.
Move on.
Violate.
That's insane.
Time.
Why not let Fidel Castro dream.
Gone in less than 30 minutes.

That's nutty.
Funneling $10,000.
Why don't you give it to the Nazi corporate donations?
It's ridiculous, Bob.
Mom.
Yep.
Yep.
To help support a child's healthy breast milk.
Mom.
Yep.
Or we end up incorporating this program anomaly, the one you are about to hear if you don't turn away, to make this How Radio Isn't Done Part 10.
That's up to you.
Here at UMN's KPFA outlet, UMN's only outlet, you, the listener, will decide, according to your own personal community standards, whether this concept makes any sense.
On the other hand, it has already made a great...
deal of sense.
C-E-N-T-S.
No show in the history of radio has ever been detected attracting a longer listener attention span than last year's...
Or was it O2?
Anyway, the past mergings of Over the Edge and the subgenius Puzzling Evidence Show into five-hour spectacular radio fillers have proven to be, with specific reservations,
among the highest...
audience ratings traps since Gunsmoke in all of radio history.
Therefore, and with special reservations, Over the Edge once again merges with Puzzling Evidence and the whole subgenius directors of the board for this five-hour holiday earthcast of the subgenius Thanksgiving executive banquet.
Live from the palm palms in the middle regions of the New World Sector Center downtown Berkeley, California.
With special reservations.
We are broadcasting the subgenius executive board's Thanksgiving banquet as a public service designed to enhance your perception of their reality.
Just a moment while I put the CD player on continuous.
That's better.
That's better.
That's better.
That's better.
That's better.

Speaking of...
We are broadcasting the subgenius executive board's Thanksgiving banquet as a public service designed to enhance your perception of their reality.
And speaking of reality, my role?
That's easy.
That of yours truly, Izzy Isn't, the banquet facilitator.
A psychological deflective diversion which I spent six years training for.
So that now, as a professional banquet...
I am able to ease the way across any direction the twisted tables of such a confoundingly contentious sit-down organization such as the Subgenius Church Foundation of America may take, whenever they gather for this annual Thanksgiving business-like banquet.
And right off the bat, like a left-field vampire, let's go down now to the main banquet pit from my broadcast booth high above them, down to what this five-hour show is really all about.
I see Dr. Howe over by the asparagus cooler, professor of esoteria at Estonian U, eating up a storm.
Now Reverend Ivan Stang has risen to his feet from the head table of potheads.
About to attempt a banquet opening remark.
Let's listen in as one of the disputed founders of the Church of the Subgenius addresses his near-equal fellow executives in the worldwide subgenius semi-organized cult.
Let's talk a little bit about Ivan.
Again, right smack dab in the center and very, very healthy looking.
Again, you can see very symmetric, good outflow here.
The center of circulation very evident.
Ivan pummeled Grenada, flattening homes and cutting power.
At least 15 deaths are being blamed on Ivan.
We need you to watch it along with us.
Right now, Ivan is headed for Jamaica and then Cuba with the latest details.
Hi, Dr. Joe.
Hi, Abel.
So Ivan is indeed a monster.
Suddenly, oh well, there's not enough bandwidth.
We have a new concern.
It is a wet mess in Cleveland, Ohio, thanks to Ivan.
There's the area of uncertainty right there.
Vivian?
And of course, by then, Carl will be watching Ivan.
But here's a closer view of Ivan.
And you can see the red line.
Right here.
And you notice it is in the middle of the central dense.
That's an indication that this is a very, very organized Ivan.
And they know that our one world religion is the only antidote for the one world advertiser.
Ivan, here is Ivan right now.
Down with the quote-less Bob and up with Bob and up with Bob.
We'll be watching Ivan.
Nowhere here.
And we'll keep you posted every day on the progress of Ivan.
Ivan struck the Windward Islands with deadly force yesterday.
Ivan tore off roofs, knocked trees into power lines, and blew down street lights.
At this point in time, is it more likely than not that Ivan will affect the U.S.?
Actually, what time is it?
Oh, that time.
It's pledge time.
Oh, that's Doug Wellman.
It's a tape.
It is a tape.
But now, consider another fact.
I mean, the mob worked as assassin mechanics.
That's what they're called for the CIA.
Under the CIA's William Harvey, who hated Kennedy.
And while they had a motive, they had, of course, no means to cover up the crime, unlike
Allen Dulles and the CIA and of course, Hoover and his FBI.
And, you know, by the way, George DeMoren Shield once dated Jackie's mother.
He could have been.
He could have been her stepfather.
And Ruth Payne were both handlers of Oswald with their obvious right.
Well, not so obvious, perhaps, but with right wing intelligence connections.
Oswald himself, of course, was an intelligence informant who we had sent to Russia as a double agent.
You know, after we trained him in the Russian language, which came out in the Warren Commission hearings.
Yes, let me tell you something, man.
The CIA tried to kill me like must have been 11 minutes ago.
You know what I'm saying?
But I'll tell you what the CIA is nothing.
I'm coming for the CIA and I'm coming for Bob Dobbs.
You heard it first.
News at 11.
And I think the best assessment of the JFK hit was probably that presented by Oliver Stone in this movie.
JFK was the former chief of staff for Special Operations.
Colonel Fletcher Prouty's input.
He was, of course, Mr. X in that movie.
That was his view.
And Ruth Patterson's North Carolina macaroni and cheese.
I got to tell you, man, I love church.
I just love church.
Bob.
Bob.
Love church.
Totally.
Yes, giving.
Yes, giving.
Bob.
I love this guy.
Come join the fun.
All of you have heard of Bob.
Love church.
I got to tell you, it makes you feel real big.
Go, go, go.
Love church.
Bob.
Yes, giving.
Yes, giving.
Bob.
Come join the fun.
All of you have heard of Bob.
Love church.
It makes you feel real big.
Yes, .
Yes, .
Bob.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
We all thought you were dead.
No, no.
Still here.
Well, I'll get you to work.
How are you, Bob?
Now, you might ask yourself, why this sudden concern?
Pornography and sex deviation have always been with mankind.
This is true.
In the past few years, this obscenity traffic and salacious newsstand literature
has become increasingly worse, not only in content, but in...
Do they understand what's happening?
I don't.
Does anybody know what's happening?
Well, I know, I know what's happening.
We'll be celebrating the death of, yeah, the guy that's on one coin.
And the guy who'll never make it to a coin, Bob.
Ivan Stang here tonight, the overman Philo Drummond,
members of Negative Land, members of his church and subgenius,
all once again gathered inside the secret hideout.
And we'll be discussing certain church secrets here,
as we always do before the end of the year.
As you know, every two years we gather.
It used to be in Arkansas.
Now it's here in space.
Our scene shifts now to Onionopolis.
Very easy.
Capital of the United Socialist Republic of Leeks and Onions.
Roy.
It's a storm of lies.
A hurricane of lies you're living in every day.
Personally, I don't think so.
I think the critical documentation is probably gone,
if there ever was any documentation.
The people who really...
I think the people who really do, I believe, are all dead.
All we can do at this point is piece together this puzzle
and kind of see a picture, if we step back from it a little bit,
we can kind of see the picture from a distance
and be able to put it together.
I think that whether or not you believe in a conspiracy,
and some people still don't, as you know,
there are a lot of people who believe the Warren Commission.
Yeah, I got something to say.
Here it is right now.
Check this out, Bob Dobbs.
Hello, Bob.
This is baby Rick.
I'm going to kill you.
Yeah, that's right, Dobbs.
You hear that?
That's just one of two.
Here's the next voice.
Hello, I'm Bob Dobbs.
Look at me.
Look at me.
I'm cool.
All right, here's another voice.
Hey, look at me.
I'm Bob Dobbs.
Take that.
was a little Bobby.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.


The corporations themselves receive corporate welfare,
corporate television, corporate money.
They're corporate fascists.
It's all true.
George, feel good.
It's flying out.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, let it lie around.
George, will you tell me what to do?
It comes naturally.
Ron, PR News in Washington, unfiring tear gas and pushing back the crowd.
But Pennsylvania Governor Ed Wendell announced that the 34-nation summit of the Americas
and Argentina failed to revive PR News in Washington.
Who are the overlords of the UFO?
You serve them chilled on food picks.
Canned mushroom caps can be marinated in a saucepan.
And so can tiny canned shrimp in the same oil and lemon juice dressing.
Which controls half of the planet Venus.
We are in the office of the Secretary General of the Party, a large fat white onion named Odor.
This traffic continues to increase and flourish for one reason.
It is big business.
It is big business.

And that bit about the Secret Service driver, who was a protestant from Ireland, by the way.
He lived on Henry Cabot Lodge's estate, who Kennedy defeated twice.
He turned around to watch Kennedy get hit.
But the frames of that are missing.
We know they should be there.
There's too many of them.
Too many.
many and you're forced to look for alternate explanations. I mean we don't
have this many coincidences in normal life under normal circumstances.
A
lie is a hurricane of lies you're living in every day.
For some reason, for the assassination
they multiply like crazy.
I think you still have to look at it that there might be something deeper
underlying the assassination. A deeper kind of force that was
at work that brought all of these coincidences together, all of these people together
to create this condition.
My only pleasure is tormenting those people
who work for me. All your memories about your wife and your daughter are false
and are more like a dream. And God bless us all.
Donads are useful for their purpose.
You're gonna die, sir. Good luck with your layoffs, alright? I hope your firing's
going really well. Bye, friend. Can your heart stand
the shocking facts about grave robbers
from outer space? I like the tingling. Juice me, I'm a
shiver boy. I got secret needles in my
pokey glove. Hurry! Hello, Americans, this is Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news. Hi, man.
Drugs are bad because if you do drugs, you're a hippie. And hippies suck.
Fuck.
We take you back now just for a moment to look at these pictures that we're seeing
and a huge, uh, hip, hip, hip, hip. We have to finish the security
of the United States of America. John Kerry defended a fellow terrorist.
Jack Murther was a coward in Vietnam, and he
deserves to be vilified, not respected.
And the saying just said,
do you think? Uh, no, I'm not thinking.
The fuck? Uh, back there in California.
Now, man, all we need to talk about detergent, deodorant, and how to clean up the society.
Well, this show is the enema for a society that's...
And unlike, uh, the...
Unlike that fall he had to take for a whole coach,
Andre the Giant really did get his ass kicked by Bob Josh.
Oh, look at that.
He got his ass kicked when Bob ran behind him and kicked it real hard and then ran off real quick, but...
Andre the Giant, uh, eventually caught up with him and...
Yeah, he...
He made some sounds. Made a bunch of painful sounds.
Made a bunch of sounds.
Well, you know, I was... I wanted to talk about that bunch of pills.
Yeah, the bucket of pills.
And I wanted to talk about Naughty Dallas.
That night where he drank the bucket of pills...
That was so amazing.
The pill sauce... The pill chainsaw sauce pudding.
Topping.
Condiment juice.
It's a floor wax.
Yeah, we've got... Got a pill here.
And there's a bucket of pills over there.
And there's a big four-foot pill over there.
It's a giant pill. It's a pill too big to swallow.
Now, in keeping with the, uh, questions that the caller has asked, um...
Can the drug company make a pill that's too big for a human to swallow?
Or God to swallow? One of the two.
And here on the show, we can answer those questions.
We can tell you what the pool of blood was.
We can tell you why it's called Six Floors Over Dallas now.
Yeah, can you tell us about the shaded relief behind the grassy knoll?
We can tell you why K-Rob is here but quiet.
Which led to the assassination.
Now, do you know the degree of slope facing the grassy knoll?
There you go. Or say you're in the Daltex building on the second floor.
What's the degree of declination as the car moves away from you?
Well, I think you have to...
Take a four... I think it's 22.9 times 20,000 divided by 1 to the 50th.
There we go. And we'll work that out.
And in one hour and a half, we'll have our answer.
Because we're only allowed to use computers that were available in 1963 on this portion of the show.
Yeah, and you can see on this topographic map of, uh...
By the way, I meant to ask you, Mr. Overman.
Yes, sir?
Where were you on that morning?
It would have been morning then.
Where was I?
Yeah. Half an hour into the afternoon there.
Well, I was having breakfast on that morning, that fateful morning.
Oh, where was... Oh, in reality.
In reality. Oh, yeah, just... This is for the audience, not the reality.
I was in my little schoolyard suit, dusting off my little culture browns.
Right. Your little serge wool shorts and CPO jacket and camel hair hat.
Right. That's right. That's exactly right.
Meanwhile, up north, Ramsey Clark, the Attorney General, is walking into his office.
Major General Clinton.
All I knew was that...
Chester v. Ted...
Our president...
Clinton...
Had been shot.
Yep. Everybody in those days had a three-name nickname with quotes around it.
In Clinton's case, it was Ted. In Dobbs' case, it was Bob.
And that's one thing we've never, ever talked about, and maybe the public is ready to know what happened.
Where was Bob when Kennedy was shot?
He benefited from it till today.
Thanks.
He did?
Yeah. Bob has benefited from just about everything till today.
But on tonight's show, we'll reveal...
Secrets that have never been revealed before.
No, we won't.
I knew Tim Garrison. I met him in 1969.
He's a madman.
We won't?
My Xerox, my smudgy 13-page Xerox here says...
I can see...
My Xerox is only 12 pages. Now, what's the missing page that I have?
I don't know. I think that's the one about the pool of blood.
Let's go.
And wait a minute. I'm confused.
There was a pool of blood and a bucket of blood.
Pills.
Now, which one of those is...
I thought this was...
The...
Where's the bucket?
The pool of blood may be connected to the headless golf player.
All right.
Dumb ass.
Doing dumb stuff.
Dumb mom.
Dumb to dumb.
Kind of dumb.
Dumb shit.
We don't like to talk about it, but we do it.
Dumb ass.
Dumb things I do.
Dumb to dumb.
Dumb to dumb.
Dumb stuff.
But we do dumb stuff, don't we?
And we don't like to admit it.
Dumb shit.
Really dumb stuff.
Dumb ass.
Hold out his gun.
Dumb, dumb, da-da-dumb, da-dum, da-dum, da-dum.
Crush me.
This is a wannabe criminals.
KKK dumb things we do.
Dumb.
Do it.
Um, for some immediate gratification, do it.
Go ahead.
Do it.
Evil desires.
Do it.
Did you hear that?
Flirt with a great disaster.
Meetings alone with the opposite sex.
I can handle it.
I wanna sleep with you.
But.
Did you hear that?
It was art.
It was modern art.
The minute I thank beautiful woman in a bikini.
Grow.
Go off.
I like watching pornography on the internet.
I like it.
How close can I come?
Flirting with you.
Whatever.
Come on.
Don't worry.
I wanna sleep with you.
And you have to do it.
Hey listen.
Sud in the hole.
So let us come get pooped.
Flintstones.
Get pooped out.
Dumb songs or commercials that we'd like to forget.
Thought.
I mean, you know, you gotta take a break here.
Pooped out.
Drastic measure.
Flirt a little bit with.
Why would he do that?
So let us come.
He came and he did it.
Do the dumb stuff.
Did you hear that?
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
We've flown it.
We've flown it.
There.
Let me tell you some dumb stuff.
I've done a lot of dumb things.
Thank you for dying.
What happened to the executive retreat we were supposed to.
I thought we were supposed to get a meal tonight here.
Well, we're playing.
Yeah, well, all that's down the drain.
Really?
What happened with the meal issue?
I mean, I thought.
I don't know.
The turkey.
The dressing.
I was up in the booth and I introduced Stang and lo and behold, he wasn't here.
And so we had to play a tape of him and now he's here and he sounds.
Well, are we still gonna have to go over the budget?
He is here.
Just like a tape.
White five.
White five.
Look, that's a joke.
White five?
White five?
I'm not even bothered.
Stang, would you like to make some opening remarks to this banquet celebration?
I guess so.
I mean, how would you introduce the subgenius to, say, the complete neophyte?
Your doom has finally come and in the long run, it'll do you a lot of good if your existence
ends now.
But is there any money in it?
That's actually our message to the...
Well, the second portal of entry...
...those who refuse to believe in the word of Bob as represented by the Church of the
Subgenius, which is the world's first industrial religion founded in the 1950s by the mystic
super salesman J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But is there any money in it?
But there's tons of...
What do you mean, is there money in it?
It is of money.
It is composed entirely.
It is an integral part of the world.

It is an edifice made of coins and dollar bills, you might say.
Then why am I paying for everything?
Well, metaphorically, why is he...
Pardon me?
Why am I paying for all this food?
Where is the food?
I mean, if you're paying for it, why aren't we eating it?
It's upstairs, man.
It's upstairs.
It's cool.
It's being prepared.
Okay, so we are going to eat before we leave, right?
Oh, yeah.
Now, will that be after or before the budget seminar?
After, after.
And what happens is the Bobbies are watching the entire time.
They're sitting right over there at that big table.
Now, they can't hear me, but the deal is they have to figure out that they too can come
over and share the meal with the lower arpy.
If they don't figure it out, they get a...
Especially the she-Bobbies.
The she-Bobbies.
As far as I'm concerned.
Now, will that include the second portal of entry that can be utilized for biological
agent employment in the skin?
You see, the Bobbies don't figure it out.
Get the 10-gallon lunch.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
What?
Oh, no.
Bob's here.
Run!
Let's have those spaceman generals.
Run.
I was thinking of Bob, but that's not him.

Oh, that's not him.
Oh, God.
It sounded just like him for a second, then.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.

From PR News in Washington, I'm extremely dangerous.
The U.S. military says about 3,500 troops are meeting to discuss economic issues.
Their objective is to set fire to a street in advance of the December 15th explosion.
You're listening to PR News.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The U.S. military escaped from a Texas jail after being sentenced to PR News in Washington.
The Claude
the length of a crack.
the length of a crack.
For the purposes of this seminar, this definition of vector is limited to subgeni.
What the hell are you talking about?
I'm talking about drafting principles for overlay preparation.
What do you think I'm talking about?
I thought we were going to talk about the budget for this godforsaken church.
And I do mean literally godforsaken.
Well, I hope you're ready to go through line item after line item.
He seems to have ignored us completely.
I hate that.
Okay, now.
I mean, it was bad enough when he ignored our prayers.
Yep.
But to ignore our declaration of outright war.
It's an insult.
It is an insult.
It really is.
And let me tell you something, Bob, real quick.
Let me tell you something.
Bob.
Yes.
Okay, let me break that down.
Philo.
Bob.
Okay, Don.
Bob.
All right, here we go.
Here's the point.
Bob.
Bob.
I'm going to come down there.
Bob.
Anyway.
Aye, aye, aye, aye.
I'm going to take two flapjacks.
I'm going to take a piece of sausage and a bacon.
You're right.
I'm going to breakfast you.
Okay, is this some kind of party?
What's Reverend Stans?
Reverend Stans, what does this mean?
What kind of church is this?
Where's the old preaching?
If you want to find out what kind of church this is, meet us behind the Linwood Library at 730.
You'll find out.
Bring all your boys.
Bring the Johnson boys and family.
Any pro you want to take.
We're ready.
Bring Jerry Falwell.
Yeah.
Bring Pat Robertson.
Bring on Jimmy Swagger.
Actually, it's been a long time since I've partied with Jimmy Swagger.
You know, he's from back...
He is back on television, too.
He's back in the news.
Jimmy Swagger's back in the news?
Yeah.
Yeah, join in on the...
Actually, I'm so far behind.
I haven't been keeping up with my rival cult news.
Yeah.
You don't need to anymore.
Now that you're an ascended master of your own church, you don't need to worry about that.
No, I'm the top clerk of Bob Dobbs' cult.
Oh, okay.
I see.

Sorry.
So I haven't had time to enjoy any of the juicy gossip, or goosey jossip, we call it.
I didn't call it jargon.
Yeah, goosey jossip.
About our rival religious nuts.
Yeah, and the jossip part is really the best part.
The Church of the Subgenius is not really in competition with any of the other major world religions or fringe cults.
You can...
We have a lot of overlap with almost...
We have a lot of overlap with almost all of them as it is.
You're hearing it real time.
We scratch your hindbrain and you scratch ours, or however that works.
As long as we're the picture.
What about this one?
No, it's the same thing.
It is the same thing.
Yes, comrade.
We are a number of churches and a number of influences right here, right now, because
I actually went out to Dallas the first time to go see the Dealey Plaza, to breathe in
the air of the scene back when nobody cared about it.
Back before yogurt was an American thing.


Before yogurt?
Well, in the sense that Danone had started shipping about two years before and it was
slowly coming across the U.S. and I'm thinking, I've eaten yogurt.
No American's going to eat yogurt.
Though I didn't realize they dumped so much sugar in our version that everybody was going
to eat it.
Yes, Bob Dog's invented yogurt and the Church of the Subgenius.
And how to evaluate it.
One day I will kill you.
I will kill you.
I will do that one of these days.
Talk is deep.
If you don't shut up, I'll, I'll, I'll kill you, little evil one.
Trying to drive me out of my mind.
I will kill you.
Now get out of here.
Get out or I'll kill you.
I did kill again.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you.
I killed him.
I killed him.

I killed him.



No, I'm happy.
Well, that's something I hope we can cover tonight.
You just got to think about that methodology, you know.
You got to get back in there.
You got to think about which process you're going to use.
There's a certain amount of business we should be covering this evening.
Boring, I know, but it's important to cover.
Yeah, or how you going to interpret the written information.
As opposed to the data.
We're trying to replace the written information.
We're trying to replace the written information with pictos.
Instead of using English, we're trying to switch over to the subgenius hieroglyphs,
which take up a lot less space and have so many...
You mean those little icons in the Bobco font?
It has almost no nuances.
It's the opposite of the English language.
It puts things bluntly.
Is it like the Hagen-Dazs?
Perhaps a little too bluntly for the polished ears of the modernist.
Yeah.
The liberal, the conservative, the human.
Why don't you answer the phone, you moron?
Phone!
You no longer need to answer the phone.
This is a religion, not a hair shop.
Why don't you answer your phone, Mr. Collar?
And just who did kill Kennedy, Collar?
I killed Kennedy.
Well, can you confess now on the air and tell us why?
No, I didn't actually kill Kennedy.
Put us all out of our misery.
Okay, why don't you guys...
Why don't they call him Robert Kennedy?
No, we're just going to cover the one.
After all, it was you and me.
Why are we talking about the death of Robert Kennedy?
Well, that one, we can't talk about that until April, obviously.
Quick question real quick.
All right, we got two Bobcats.
This one has to be talked about on its anniversary.
And today is not only Thanksgiving, but it's the reason I met these guys when I went to Dallas.
Okay, I agree, but let me tell you something.
Well, okay.
Bobcats.
This is a lot of fun.
And I'm not saying it's not the same Collar.
If I was any younger, I'd come down there and I would pick a flapjack with a blind cap.
And I would take some maple syrup.
It would be pretty good.
And these pancakes I sell are about $3.50, $4.00.
I'm having a gas attack.
I'm having an ass attack.
I mean, a donkey is attacking me.
Sex on the streets in every major city from coast to coast.
That's in fact...
What a dumb thing to do.
I bet you wouldn't have done anything like this if Mom and Dad were here.
Hi, Mom.
I'm pregnant.
Do what you want to the girl, but leave me alone.
Emotions are for ethnic people.
From PR news in Washington, I'm Dresta Today on human rights and corruption charges, including alleged support of a paramilitary death squad.
On Wall Street 5-6, the U.S. military says it's abusing PRs in Iraq.
The photos show U.S. soldiers humiliating and otherwise mistreating PR news.
Former Peruvian President Jair Bolsonaro said,
Alberto Fujimori set fire to a bus and held up police with PR News, Washington.
Speaking of the Kennedy assassination, friends, the ultimate sacrifice can now be yours.
Actually, the book, Ultimate Sacrifice, by Lamar Waldron and Tom Hartman, is out now.
And I have been waiting for this book for...
Well, I've known Lamar Waldron for a long time.

I've known Lamar Waldron for about 17 years, and that's how long he's been working on Ultimate Sacrifice.
It was finally published in hardback by Carroll and Graff Publishers, and you can find out all you need to know at a website called ultimatesacrificethebook.com.
One word, ultimate sacrifice the book.
Ultimate Sacrifice.
John and Robert Kennedy, the plan for a coup in Cuba and the murder of JFK.
Friends, it's a whole different look at the Kennedy assassination than what you may be used to.
I can't even begin to go into the depths of the research and all of that, because this is the hour of slack, and the Kennedy assassination isn't slackful for everybody.
But I've been...
I've been around it for a long time.
And this is...
You know, if you're really seriously looking for answers, I...
You could...
You should definitely check out Ultimate Sacrifice.
The case is not closed, but this one comes close.
ultimatesacrificethebook.com.
Have I...
Have I...
Leave my thoughts, didn't I tell you this would be the
official last minute movie?
My beautiful family.
Thank you.
there and you know as far as it as as as uh pat robertson goes hey why didn't somebody take him
out somebody to touch the subgenius take him out take him out you can do that can't you you can
just say you know you know doug wellman does that subject take him out you know buy him dinner
drinks go dancing with him i don't get it restaurant we're in the baby boomer generation
i think this would require infiltration i think we should like join pat robertson's cult
work our way up from the inside until we infiltrate the properties of our organization
that way that's the only way we're going to meet these budget commitments we have here today
dr drummond is that all you can think about money money money i have to bring us back to the matter
in the middle of the night
which is going over these line items i know what are we going to do these we're way over budget on
man traffic spits what are we going to do about that it's not another difference let's just do
like we do every year put a bunch of big numbers uh we have to talk about final report and say it's
going what about the destruction harassment ambush forearm teams that we have to get out there
right now i mean how are we going to do that you've been saying that for 25 years dr drummond
we've got to get those
what about our destroyer
what about all the budget the three billion a year that we contribute to malaysia how come there's so
many guys talking about money yeah from pr news in washington i'm stronger than expected sales
weather forecasters say pr's bad here's bad this is pr news the federal government has committed
more than 300 million pr news in washington the atomic bomb and the bicycle photo
mosaic patterns are minuscule compared to the impact the subgenius church has on america
bend over and you know kiss you know what goodbye
so michael pepe when are we going to shoot that movie
we're going to shoot it uh very soon as soon as i get through uh living in it
no that doesn't work i'll tell you what because then we get your mummified body in the kitchen
like this that's what i want like uh tighten the mouse that uh yeah whose remains are you still have
uh yeah he's still but you know what he's uh his liquefaction i had a liquefied mouse that actually
uh solidified coagulated it you said it on the air reverend strang remember whatever you say on
the radio becomes true on what in real life wait have intercourse with a beautiful live girl okay
or anything else
well yeah no that didn't no but what i have is better i brought uh i brought

five minutes of show left in your there are exactly four hours and five minutes left of
show in your case and i didn't get to say everything in my heart i didn't get to say
i didn't get to say anything from my heart but this is the show where any any question
you want i didn't realize that michael pepe was in the same actual building with the funniest
i thought that was sunny bono
smell came in i'm able to i am continually at this moment i am continually hanging up on hal's cell
phone
sometimes the show becomes a little too color-driven
oh yeah yeah it's hurting you it's hurting me bad okay okay sit down sit down and and let the show
drain out of your ears
be responsible come to my house
he's obtained something you don't have a barbic
concerned about did you watch the matrix
related to my barbecue if you would like to come through
you're you're a guy in a little bathtub a battery
hey he's barbecuing us to death yeah shut up all science fiction movies have the truth in them
don't barbecue cheesy get back in line
resist the lengthening of the daylight savings time yeah take red pill blue pill you're not free go back to your birdhole it was june
you're not free go back to your birdhole it was june

23rd, I think.
The first show, 1982.
More and more daylight.
We had copper tops.
And yet we must save slack in the great slack batteries.
The great dynamos in Dobstown must be charged with your slack.
You must give it up to Bob that we may store it.
For later.
We'll give it back to you.
Amplified.
Oh, this is how we do it.
Only bad radio will suck the evil poison of good culture.
I would be wrong, would he?
How much does it cost?
I want one.
$20 a month.
Cool.
$400 a month.
Is there a mortgage payment on it?
There's a mortuary what?
A mortuary payment.
Oh, yeah.
If you send us $600 now, we will keep you.
We will keep you in urns for 2,000 years.
Not stored in any soul.
Don't you have to be burned to be put in an urn?
That's right.
This is an outrage, a national insult.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
We're going to burn you down into ash, put you in the urn, and keep you for 2,000.
Our descendants have pre-signed.
But I want speakers inside, you know, and a radio.
You got it.
You got it.
I'll get the show broadcast inside my urn.
Yeah, that's right.
Really?
You've got it.
We can arrange this.
We can do anything.
Or your ancestors or your descendants.
That's right.
But I want to be put in orbit.
Your ancestors can be saved.
Okay.
Orbit?
You want, but that's going to be a different.
I want the moon wrecker plan.
Posthumously.
Okay.
All right.
But, you know, now you're changing plans.
We're going to have to switch you off to someone, another person in charge of plans.
No.
I like talking to you because I figure I can maybe, like, you know, work you out of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Salesman Pepe has a very trustworthy sounding voice.
Yeah.

I just sound like one of these.
Do we?
Do we be dumb guys that is really.
Well, not be here tonight.
I'm trying to take advantage of your naive.
Yeah.
Exactly.
We will promise to do this.
And I'll tell you, if I have to get fired by my boss, I will give you this deal, man.
Oh, what about your car, too?
All right.
Okay.
But after you're dead, yeah.
Okay.
But you've got to carry me around in your trunk, though.
Yeah.
But, I mean, you have to die before I do.
That's the thing.
And so, no, this probably won't happen.
I'll probably die first.
I like the way it sounds.
You have to die before I do.
Yeah.
That has a nice meaning to it.
I think it'll work.
Just generally as a statement.
You know, it worked on a couple of the leads that Philo gave me.
And, yeah, it's just kind of like taking you into my confidence and saying, well, you know,
you know, I killed my mother and father, too.
And I know where you're coming from.
And I can feel your pain.
What is the talk of death and dying and gaining sight?
It all leads to heaven sooner or later.
We're all going to meet in heaven.
But at the same time, we need insurance.
I just want to let people know that we're there as a church to help.
That's right.
It's a form of insurance.
Yeah.
Don't you worry about what's going to happen.
I just worry.
I just stay up all night worrying about what's going to happen to my body after I die.
We only worry about how much money you've sent in.
Really?
Yeah.
So we can keep track of how many lifetimes.
Yeah.
It's going to be allowed after this one.
Yeah.
Right.
Exactly.
That's right.
Bean counters, really.
The more you pay, the more lifetimes you are given.
Bean counters.
Soul lifetimes.
Soul counters.
How the name of Jesus was born.
We can make your soul bigger, too.
That's the whole idea.
That is exactly what it's all about.
It's about making that soul bigger.
We can pump it up.
How?
March your soul.
You know, it's working on you at the moment.
How the name of Jesus.
It's already working.
We're already working in your mind.
It's near the prostate.
In your body.
Work it out.
This music is already playing.
It's already been pre-played.
It's been all pre-played.
Everything has been predetermined beforehand by the church.
The forehead expands first.
Yeah.
The body problems.
That's right.
That's right.
You can feel the hairs.
You can feel the...
Wow.
You know, you float off away a little.
They get bigger and bigger.
Yeah.
It's...
Nothing.
It's a couple of holistic shrines.
Come with me.
And you've got to try to hold down.
Don't allow the air in your brain to lift you off the...
Another bowl of fine chopped green onions.
And...
Another of commercial sour cream.
And for all time, we will play...
The soul is expanding and Bob knows how many times it's going to come and go.
Reporting to you.
He keeps talking about food.
Salty rye bread.
And go.
To your urn.
Give the know-how.
Come on.
Keep on.
All the ashes in the right urns.
We don't want to mix any of the souls.
Bob may become confused.
We do not mix your urn.
You've earned an urn.
You?
About an urn?
No, you're yearning to earn something.
Determine the size of your soul as it marches.
Urns, right.
Well, the amount of your urns that you send to the church.
If you have a big soul, you're going to need a big urn.
That's right.
Appropriately.
It's going to be here.
It's going to be huge by the time we get through.
If you want a bigger soul, you're going to have to earn more.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
I mean, this could cost millions.
Everything's been a disaster.
Stay away.
You're sending the money.
Why?
It's passed out.
Me.
Stay away.
You're sending the money.
It's passed out.
Me.
It's this.
It's us.
Fight the conspiracy by doing those things.
Stay away.
Number one.
You have to do that.
Stay away.
Don't say no.
No.
My eye is in the closet.
I'm all deceased.
The great Comartes said.
I'm not sleeping.
Number two.
Send in the money.
Number three.
What was it?
Oh, yeah.
Cast out the evil one.
From your own gut.
Get it out of your liver.
There is an evil demon of the conspiracy living in your liver.
And you have got to vomit that thing out.
The only way to do that is to study Bob's word.
The only way to do that is to keep earning.
Am I?
By the way.
If it's in your liver, then we just kill it with alcohol.
Cast out the evil one.
That's right.
Drive it out using whatever poison you can.
I understand some types of mushrooms will drive a demon in your liver.
The so-called liver.
Electronics.
Certain bad health plans will do the same thing.
And alcohol.
Drive it out.
Karma.
Perfect.
Karma.
Perfect.
Now it's like turkey.
Yes.
Yes.
And tank.
You want to get rid of that soul.
You want to cleanse it.
It's like a river.
Slack is like a river coursing through your body.
Like a Kundalini snake dragon.
That bottle.
That bottle.
That's Slack.
So remove the karmic energy of death of you and your local.
What do you call that, Reverend Stang?
That river of Slack.
I call that Slack.
What do you call that, Stang?
What's it?
The orniferous?
The orniferous.












The world river.
Sprinkle some of the green onions.
The Ouroboros.
Ouroboros, thank you.
This whole refrigirant.
That's right.
The Ouroboros.
It's the world river of slack, which you can join and dive into.
It's the endlessly slow jacking.
Not just everyone.
You're always climaxing constantly.
True slack is like that.
It's like in that movie Brainstorm when that man made a loop of the orgasm.
That is slack.
That's continuous orgasm.
That's like one million times better than that endless orgasm loop.
Don't you want a little bit of that, friend?
Don't you want to just get a cut of that?
A little tiny cut?
Possibly.
Undoubtedly, but we will change that point of view.
Subgenius.com.
There's no O in subgenius, but there is in com.
It is a C.
Is there an O in com?
Is there an I in denial?
What was it?
It is a time and place of com.
In the same place there's one in bob.
Right in the middle.
Dot piece and dot com.
Yeah.
Synthetic piece.
Church is actually the only church that is a dot com, isn't it?
Isn't that what the special number came from?
It's a fraction of a con.
It's a fraction.
A fraction.
It's a fraction of the conspiracy itself.
But, you know, that's what we're saying.
You're tainted with the conspiracy.
The church is tainted with it.
Everything is tainted except for Bob's pipe.
That's the one clean place.
And if you can throw yourself into that pipe and let Bob smoke you.
That's right.
You're not smoking Bob.
You're not going, oh, man, let's get into Bob.
Get high.
Yeah.
No.
It's the other way around.
And, you know, the thing is, the pipe is actually,
the thing doing the smoking.
It's sucking Bob's brain and inhaling it in a smoke-like form into the universe.
Yeah.
It's a reversed pipe.
It's a reversed time pipe as well.
That's proof there, Reverend Simon.
It's both a slack river and a time river.
And it goes backwards through Bob's head.
Upwards and through his lungs like an ever-vomiting, perfect, pure,
pureness of love.
Perpetual motion.
It's a perpetual motion of vomited love.
Yes, a fountain.
Coming forth from Bob's pipe.
And it's made of pure brain.
Being smoked in that thing.
Made of pure brain.
You have got to get real.
This is not some game.
This isn't some metaphor, some performance art.
This is real.
This is your soul we're talking about.
This is happening.
It's your income we're talking about.
And it's the same in general.
No.


We're talking about you.
You will.
Have you willed these notifications from your church?
Have you thought about it?
Have you thought about it?
Have you thought about?
I have a question for you.
Look at that breathing down your neck right now.
He's there.
He's behind you.
The stuckness in your movement is hovering.
It's about ready to grab you up by the scruff of the neck.
No!
I have a statement.
And that is you have Bob, you're lost.
You are lost, San Francisco.
You saw what happened to San Francisco.
some of the other great cities in this country.
San Francisco, you better pay attention.
Berkeley, you hear me? You hear me now?
San Francisco on line one wants to know
what can they do to save their sorry, sorry asses now.
Thank you.
A tribute to this marvelous radio station carries the word of Bob.
Paint the golden bridge golden.
The next thing they can do is tuck their head between their knees
and kiss their fanny goodbye.
And they join the church of the subgenius for real
and show Bob they really believe.
Signing their name on that dotted line on that check.
And would that entitle them to all of the privileges
that other subgeniuses would derive,
as well as the microorganisms?
No, because each subgenius has its own type of privileges and slap.
It's different.
It's different for each one.
For some, it's a terrible rip-off.
For some, it's an endless pit of bad feelings.
But by the way,
but by the way, we missed the ID again.
No, the ID! We missed the ID!
From PR News in Washington, I'm started by a discarded cigarette.
Catholic Archbishop Sean O'Malley is calling for an end to homosexuals.
He said,
O'Malley says he doesn't want homosexuals personally.
O'Malley is hostile to homosexuals,
but views banning gay men as important for children from Madrid.
The Dow Jones 666.
The Spanish government says it is ignoring PR News in Washington.
So help me, Bob.
Come over, Bob.
This Bob, this Bob, this Bob is the president of the, uh,
uh,
later on Bob.
No doubt we should have a interesting era there.
That's Bob.
But now I've got a,
a little joke for you, Bob.
Get you, Bob.
I've got another joke here for you, Bob.
Active Bob.
You're free to go.
So help me, Bob.
From PR News in Washington, I'm both at the same time.
The huge storm system that produced the past few days,
National Weather Service forecaster Peter says,
You've got a cold front moving eastward and northward and
snowplows try to restore electricity to hundreds of thousands of miles of interstate highways.
Vice President,
President Dickey advocates the use of PR News in Washington.
