I'm afraid I'm so sorry but I'm afraid your pretty music is over and done with
now dear friends. Oh did that hurt you as much as it hurt me? Well it's only going
to get worse and worse and worse but don't you love it?
Oh dear friends be ready for salvation. Are you ready? Hey what's going on here? The subgenius
hour of slack. Well it's another Sunday night and there you are sweeping out the lobby of
eternity on the subgenius hour of slack. Now when are you going to get a real job kid?
Oh.
Welcome to the end times boys and girls. We're going to shock off the house with your brain
and the world. Bob is getting down with you here tonight. Bob is getting down to help
your plight. Bob is coming here to ease your strife. Come on suckers let Bob into your
life.
Big fan Bob.
Do not call it a sin but yet it was a sin.
Oh.
He's a comrade.
It's a sham. It's a facade.
In the heart of darkness a flower blossoms enriching the shadows with its promise of hope.
In the fields of light a viper coils and the radiant tranquility is lit safer by a sinister presence.
I know you'll find this hard to believe God honey but Hud and I converted this garage into an apartment for about five bucks.
Now that we've found you God sweetie no more bar hopping. This will be our little blue heaven.
A blue movie in black.
Black and white.
You shall know them by their fruits.
Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles.
Even so every good fruit every good tree bringeth forth good fruit but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.
Good tree he said cannot bring forth evil fruit neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Every tree that bringeth forth not forth good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire.
Wherefore by their fruits you'll know them.
I love fire.
Chief if I was surrounded by six or eight of these things would I stand a chance with them?
Well there's no problem if you had a gun shoot them in the head that's a sure way to kill them.
If you don't get yourself a club or a torch beat them or burn them they go up pretty easy.
Are they slow moving chief?
Yeah they're dead they're all messed up.
Alarm Santa Fe parents met again with Alarms.
Elementary school officials last night to discuss the growing presence of Bob in the schools.
Bob the deity of the Dallas based church of the subgenius is a comic book character who communicates with aliens and worships money.
Parents and teachers complain that the Bob stickers and pamphlets which have turned up in school laboratories with increasing frequency encourage troublemakers and weird behavior.
It's not healthy for the children I'm convinced of this.
There has been a pamphlet going around a Bob pamphlet.
It's a pamphlet that I have looked at and it's the least well adjusted children really who pick up on it.
It tells them that if they are uncomfortable with their classmates it is because they are better than their classmates.
Can you imagine this? Better. Not smarter mind you but better.
Wow look at her tip. They are enormous. How can they?
Hello? Hello?
Oh...
Sir, I'm the subgenius.
If you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future in which antichrist will be revealed and the mark of the beast will be introduced.
Thanks for watching.
Subscribe for more.

Oh, no, I mean really different.
Little realized even by leading scientists, there are really two races, actually two distinct
species of so-called human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street, normally you might never suspect that only some of
these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary looking crowd on an ordinary
day, a certain number of these people are actually human beings.
They are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries
the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe, a new dimension, coexisting
not always in harmony alongside the mundane workaday world of the common human.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now at this very moment, we are in the middle of a world that is not just a world of human


beings.
And in this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare, behold us, for
we are the subgeniuses.
.
Like, and they laugh, you know, and they laugh harder, and they're behind you, and they're kicking me in the stomachs, and it's like I'm...
Bob.
From reading some of your literature, which you so helpfully brought up, you know, a wheelbarrow full this evening into the studio, by the church, by your belief, slack is something that when you join the church, you can do anything you want because it's within your slack.
Well, when you...
And if anybody inhibits you, they are hampering your religion and violating your constitutional rights.
That's exactly right.
That's right.
We're hoping somebody will take this to court.
Sooner or later for us.
Mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
And I challenge you to point out national talk shows that do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity, that they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle, that they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God.
The Subgenius Foundation, the Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr.
Philo Drummond.
And they are, as we mentioned before, the dual heads of the Subgenius Foundation.
Make fun of godly morals.
Agreed.
They laugh at us.
They make a mockery of us.
Now, we don't have to watch it.
We can turn it off.
Don't destroy everything now because of a hideous face and grotesque body that aren't yours.
Still, you can't forget that you're alone, an outsider.
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans whose nonsensical laws and customs?
We have been forced to obey.
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
A heritage that dates back farther than man is thought to have existed.
For in the days of Atlantis, we helped to design the humans.
Certainly, in retrospect, this now seems to have been our greatest mistake.
And that's just the way things are.
The church is not at home in the world.
No, no, don't touch me.
Get that filthy animal out of here!
Out!
Out!
Out!
Out!
Are you crazy?
Letting that animal in the house!
These things are his comfort.
Just for comparison, let's go native.
Back to the animal instinct.
There, in the lesser civilized part of the world, it's the male who adorns himself with
a fancy object such as paints, frills, and masks.
The true instinct.
The animal instinct.
Bird and animal life.
Is it not so that it's the male who is the fancy one?
Could it be that the male was meant to attract the attention of the female?
What's so wrong about that?
Oh, snips and snails and puppy dog tails.
He cried all day long.
You don't have to take care of him.
Please.
I take care of him.
If you made more money, if you made a decent living, he should have his own room.
He should have a nurse.
We should have a maid.
Said there's so much depression.
Can't keep track of it no more.
Sons becoming husbands, different mothers.
Old men turning young daughters into whores.
It's the human condition.
It's things falling apart.
It's fat ladies in double knit jumpsuits beating their kids in Kroger's.
He thinks it is natural.
Perhaps we should pity them, but face it, most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse and stampeding you along with them.
Breaks my heart.
It breaks my heart.
And it's happening.
It is happening.
It's a sick world.
It's more than that.
It's a sinful world.
We have turned our back on God.
Janet takes her clothes off in succession.
While her husband rides a bumper in the president's procession.
Sees him on the screen as she wakes up from giving head.
Well, has had enough of that.
Her lover throws her on the bed.
To her future, she's alive and so is his death.
Now, this is a crooked and perverse nation.
We have millions and multiplied millions of crooked politicians.
God put a death penalty upon adultery.
When we see millions and multiplied millions of people spending hours and hours before the television.
Learn how to crack safes, rob banks, kill policemen and get divorces and break up homes.
All these soap operas, hour after hour, warps people's minds.
Pull ahead. All decks condition red.
Wednesday is ladies night.
Underscored ladies admitted free.
Their drinks, 25 cents and 50 cents.
A shy little girl leaving all that she knew behind her.
That shows that they're stupid.
That shows they got warped minds.
That's what people's minds runs on.
And that the morals are breaking down.
And that's what it did in the Roman Empire right before the Roman Empire fell.
Their morals broken down.
Spats on your shoulder.
Spats on your back and on your hand.
Spats on your shoulder.
Straps on your back and on your hand.
So it's pissing your side.
Blood and water flowing through the land.
Randy's body.
A cage for an animal.
A cage for an animal.
Golly, I'm so impressed.
Yeah, me too, honey.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, we've got a short talk tonight.
Short talk about an ugly, ugly subject.
Yeah.
I was asked to write an introduction to a book.
Actually, a comic book type book.
Graphic novel, they say these days.
This one is called, it's probably come out in about two months, called, get this, Homo Patrol.
Yes, Homo Patrol.
It's actually a real good comic book.
It's not really about homosexuality, but homophobia.
But in the course of having to do that introduction,
well, I ran out of time to write anything else for this show.
So I might as well just read a little bit of that.
And you know what I say, friends?
Homophobia, quote unquote, has of late become rather an overused, dirty word among some of you groovy sophisticates.
It's like the ultimate put down.
And you know, you don't even have to harbor an actual fear of gayness to be accused of homophobia either.
Because some people will brand you a homophobic caveman if you're anything less than a militant supporter of not just gay rights,
but the whole gay lifestyle itself.
You know, whatever that is.
So, call me homophobic.
But I don't consider homosexuality normal, dear friends.
This is me, Ivan Stang speaking, not the station itself.
The station itself probably does.
These opinions are entirely my own.
I don't consider homosexuality normal, nay, nor do I consider evangelical fundamentalist Christianity normal.
For that matter, I don't even consider the possession of good old fashioned common sense normal.
I don't consider homosexuality natural either, but then neither is skydiving.
I do lots of unnatural things myself, such as occasionally urinating in a toilet when the backyard would suffice,
or, say, wearing clothes in the summertime while all the other animals on my block, except for the stupid human minority, are sensibly stark naked.
So, I mean, in fact, you know, I'm going to come out of the closet, friends.
I'm coming out of the closet.
I'm going to admit it.
I'm so perverted that I'm strictly into, as Saint Russ Meyer put it, good old straight all-American bobbing.
And just with one girl at a time, actually, and it's just been her for 16 years.
And, well, now, maybe, maybe, now and then, if I'm in the mood, I might step out with a certain species of squid.
But that's it, baby.
I mean, as the old joke says, well, at least it was a female squid.
Nothing queer about old Stang.
And for that matter, you know, really, I could no more stomach sticking my toxic Avenger into a woman's dump chute, much less than a man's.
Not when there's perfectly serviceable other orifices available anyway.
Any more than I can guess why anyone would want to dictate where anyone else should stick theirs.
That's how weirdly conservative I am.
But, but, and as we say in radio, it's a big but, homosexuality has always been here and it always will be.
And probably a tenth of all the male humans have been gay since Lucy of the Olduvai Gorge.
And yet the world's still here, so you can't exactly call it a crime against nature.
Oil spills, yeah, you can call those a crime against nature.
Is homosexuality a biblical abomination?
Sure.
If you think the Bible's anything more than a best-selling fairy tale, or at the very best, disinformation from mischievous space aliens.
You know, if AIDS is God's judgment against homosexuals, then what do you call war?
God's judgment against children, patriots, and the landscape?
Eh?
Eh, it may be a crime in the eyes of the Lord.
It may be a law, but so are most of our beloved heterosexual acts.
Or is it just plain...
Sissy?
Well, as Lenny Bruce, the great Saint Lenny Bruce said, put a guy in jail and he'll stuff anything.
Mud!
Bob, his hand now covered with germs, picked up from that doorknob, transfers them to a book.
Golly, I'm so impressed.
Bob Ginny.
Does that make her really popular?
Do the boys and girls like her?
Is she welcome to join this group?
This is fun, isn't it?
Yeah.
You sure you like to do things like this?
Sure.
My face.
My face.
War has its ultimate, and I'm that.
Here they're, here they're, going to destroy us.
We'll kill everyone, we've got to stop them!
Easy, Doug, easy.
I'm not going to let you kill me.









Pleasant, unemotional conversation helps digestion.
Pleasant, unemotional conversation helps digestion.
Pleasant, unemotional conversation helps digestion.
I'm so impressed.
But that's not my Bob.
But that's not my Bob.
But that's not my Bob.
War has its ultimate, and I'm that.
We've got to stop them.
They stay zipped up, so to speak, but...
There's letting it all hang out, and then there's public indecency.
Oh, and how would you define indecency, dear sister?
Would you care to define some right now?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, this is a family show, so...
We better stop.
Or else educate them.
Is your family listening?
That's the most important part.
Actually, we've got a copy, we've got copies here tonight
of both the, uh, the comma books.
The Kama Sutra.
Oh, yes, the Kama Sutra.
I remember reading it to the goat woman after the state fair.
It worked wonders.
Um, but, you know, Bob called sex the divine battle,
but is there an unbridgeable, undestroyable barrier
between men and women that will keep them forever warring
against each other?
Eh?
I mean, uh, you know, we believe that the...
Although the war between the states like this, uh, is a war,
lasted only a few years,
the war between men and women is an ongoing process
that shall never end.
But, friends, you better, you better praise Bob for that.
So don't succumb to humanists' thinking.
Get out there and fight to the death.
The, the heavy combat of love, dear friends.
Huh.
Well, love doesn't always enter into it.
Remember that.
It takes a freak.
They said last time.
That's what the sign around their neck said.
White girls, they're pretty funny.
Sometimes they drive you mad.
Black girls just want to give...
Bob?
...tall nines.
Just don't have that much chance.
Oh, yeah.
Help me with some of this.
Chinese girls are so gentle.
A little sexy, too.
You never know how powerful
the feeling inside those silky sleeves.
But, this pacing Sh babies
Ware's

All, but it's just metosis Jetzt nur ihr
welt dann erreicht und sei
Call the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, dear friends.
Why don't you just reach for that phone and whoop it out?
Call 823-7494.
If you have any questions as to why we're broadcasting this rather, you know, controversial, possibly,
sexually, sexually oriented show, if that's really what it is.
How is this part of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate?
Me too.
Our television programs laugh at homosexuality.
Hey, they laugh at immorality.
They laugh at ungodliness.
They make a mockery of the holy word of God.
And God says, would you change my truth into a lie?
I'll give you up to vile affections.
Yes.
Your mind is no longer your own.
I have no mind.
I have no mind.
My mind is not my mind.
Cast off the imperial brains of normalcy.
Because you want to.
I do what I do because I'm so busy.
You do what you do because you want to.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
You do what you do because you want to.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
No, I don't believe the charges of brainwashing.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
You do what you do because you want to.
But we don't use such techniques as brainwashing.
Bob told me to.

You do what you do because you want to.
Brain surgery in order to assure loyalty.
Nay.
Nay.
I must not be working.
I must, yet I cannot.
I must have slack.
And slack at this moment is to talk to the great Reverend Saint Dr.
Cleve Duncan.
Cleve Duncan.



a mean son of a bitch a crib fisherman if ever there was one yeah you heard me right a crib
fisherman damn crib fisherman and a skull farmer a skull farmer if ever i've seen one i've seen
adam cleave farm over 80 skulls out there on the 840 he was killing them and farming them down
spreading that he'd squirt that seed all over the damn pasture i don't know how he did it
he must have a damn seed bag the size of a watermelon or something he was just
well you know he'd break for a damn beer every now and then suck down one of them damn
malt things shaking that damn hair he is all over the place and he'd go back to farming them skulls
he'd pull his pants down you see then he'd
he'd uh he'd jump down into one of them furrows they'd plow this field first he never ran the
plow somebody else did he'd jump down into this furrow and then he'd start this the dirt you know
just a row of dirt and it'd be stretching out in front of him oh maybe like uh 300 yards you know
big old big old uh about an acre field he'd be humping on it and just you know he'd be getting
all muddy and filthy man you'd see them damn first and he'd be scooting along you know it
would be a big deal and he'd be like oh my god i'm gonna go to the field and he'd be like oh my

take him only about like uh oh five minutes to get all the way down in one of them first he'd be
getting the end of that fur he'd drink him a damn beer and he'd get back on that other fur next to
it going the other way back the same way he'd behind him you'd see this fur would be filled
up with the damn seed and then out of that they'd grow the children of the hydra's teeth you know
and then they'd be skull farmers come popping up their damn little hats on and
their piece of straw hanging off their grinning teeth yeah how about that
he'll cleave he was a skull farmer my friends i don't care i don't care what you say
uh you can call i know we had people been calling in saying oh sir cleave was never a skull farmer
i knew cleave brother cleve duncan he was not a skull farmer nor a crib fisherman
but uh let me just say you maybe you didn't go to the same parties with old cleave that i did
and i should know because i'm a preacher and preachers know more than normal people
except for maybe doctors
i'm a doctor too and my pappy is a lawyer will is there anything we need to tell the people any
phone calls of great importance that have come here nothing nothing nothing good
where you don't want to be buried uh yeah oh i i won't forget to tell them where i don't want to
be buried but i'm gonna do that down at the end i think because right now well there's something we
absolutely have to do wait a minute get those
bees out of here
oh there's three of you waiting to talk to willa dobbs he's pounding on the phones with a sledgehammer
trying to get it going you can hear it in the background the screams of the tiny collars
trying to make it out of the collar hole but no the gravity sucks them back in and there's nothing
nothing we can do about it except to give you our address for where to write for information
about the church of the spirit
subgenius at the end of the broadcast.
Thank you.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
And when such a man hath a bout with a woman,
he does not do his business with vigor
and in a manner to give her enjoyment.
He lays himself down upon her without previous toying.
He does not kiss her nor twine himself around her.
He does not bite her nor suck her lips nor tickle her.
That beast.
And these are the pinks, my friends.
This is the pink style of physical love.
And I don't mean pink like, you know, in Penthouse.
No.
Hustler.
I'm talking about pink, not like a baby's shiny behind, dear friends,
but an evil, ooh, an evil kind of pinkness.
The pinkness of a McDonald's advertisement.
The pinkness of that person driving the Porsche that you know doesn't deserve it.
Amen.
And a woman.
And a child.
Oh, bless the little children.
They do, don't they?
That's another good thing about families.
Yeah, well, but you know, when you have kids, then they get your slack.
Boy, they sure do.
Especially when they wander into the bedroom at those inopportune times.
Or when they find your electrical devices.
Or when they find your Japanese manuals upon you.
Well, I bet you and I have many funny little tips.
We could tell.
I could tell.
Bokfy embarrassing stories.
Yes.
From a woman who's lived better electrically, I'd rather not share any of them on the air.
Ooh, praise Bob.
Yes, the solo fight of love.
But, as she said the other night...
Oh!
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.

Let me feel your liver.
Let me feel your liver.

I'm searching for a dream out of your love.
I'm searching for a dream out of your love.
I'm searching here and there to be on your underwear.
I'm searching for a dream out of your love.
As the miracle of reproduction begins, our lone hero is still a mere tube of psychoplasm.
But soon, a frenzy of chemical activity called the amphetophase seizes the microbe,
and by the mysterious process called osmiotic blooming, it starts to clot.
It grows a rudimentary megastamen and antherite,
and swiftly matures into the spore of sex A, the gameteoroid.
Unscientifically, it might be called the male.
He discovers his own nasophallosian tube and performs hermaphroditic autofusion
until he spills the secretion of preposterous.
This triggers the morphase to begin, and up sprouts sex B, the so-called female,
or nymph load.
Her thorax produces the Jovian nods, and she even has a feeble nucleic eyeball,
nearly as powerful as that of the male.
A surprisingly complex courting ritual is initiated.
She produces special corticosteroids, and she's able to do this with her own hands.
She uses chemical chemicals called mojo bodies, which excite her partner.
She places her stigmat on his cloacal apparatus and performs parthenodulation.
He achieves cytospasm and germiates.
And in nature's timeless tragedy, the helpless male falls victim to the eternal whys of the female,
leaving naught but a pool of albuminal spum.
Using her Ovoiduct as an aural groove, she saps every last trace of her former lover,
as the layman would call him.
Spermatogenocide is committed, and it's almost as if she's smiling.
Now fertilized, she was dropped in the urethra.
She's so hot, she's so hot, so hot, so hot.
She's so hot, she's so hot, so hot, so hot.
You talk about homosexuals come out of the closet.
Did you ever dream the day would come in American history
when grown men would stand up and possess to be making physical love to each other
on national television and flex their muscles
and say, don't tell me that I'm a sissy, I'm a he-man,
but I'm in love with that man right there, and I'm married.
I've been reading about where a lot of churches,
even in Pentecost, have accepted homosexuality.
Ain't that the truth?
And claiming to have the Holy Ghost.
Well, that's deception.
Ain't a bigger abomination in the world
than women wearing men's clothes and men wearing women's clothes
and people being perverts.
That's two of the greatest sins in the world
is idolatry, witchcraft, homosexuality,
and men and women wearing the clothes of the opposite sex.
It's abomination.
And whosoever do it is abomination.
And there's more people today, their minds are perverted,
their life is perverted, and they've been given over to a reprobate mind.
So many people today, even people that aren't homosexual,
their minds are perverted.
It's filled with filth, and it's filled with all the ungodliness and wickedness
that comes from the pit of hell.
And you see it on television, you see it in the movie houses,
and you see it on the market stands.
Hey, and how about pornography?
Shucks, all you have to do is look around you.
Female body parts are available just about anywhere.
Or pick up some picture books with a free orifice included.
Miracles of Engineering, yours for the plucking.
If you don't mind the smell of vinyl.
Shucks!
Now, Mama's on the bottom.
And Papa's on the top.
Baby's in the crib a-pa callin' poor little her pop shop.
Hey Bubba rebob, hey Bubba rebob
Hey Bubba rebob, hey Bubba rebob
Yes, Ma Baaby! No.
Now sea is sea and land is land.
Can't get my boogie I can get it by hand shop.
Hey, Bubba rebob, hey Bubba rebob
Hey, Bubba rebob, hey, Bubba rebob
Hey, Bubba rebob, hey Bubba rebob
yes, Ma Baaby, no.
Now a boogie's in the kitchen,
and a boogie's in the hall.
Boogied in my hand, then I slung it on the wall, shoutin',
Hey, Baba Rebob! Hey, Baba Rebob!
Yes, my baby knows.
Now a nickel for some butter, nickel for some lard,
Put it on my boogie till my boogie got hard chopped.
Hey, Baba Rebob! Hey, Baba Rebob!
Hey, Baba Rebob! Yes, my baby knows.
Says the little red rooster to the big red hen,
And ruffle up your feathers, let's hop, flip it in, chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Out in the crap earth, sitting so bold
Gonna get me some of the old, not whole, chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Out in the crap earth, sitting on the lot
The green flies are buzzing and I'm getting damn hot, chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Now roses are red, ready for plucking
I got a gal, I know you ain't
Chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Now belly to belly and skin to skin
Got two little things working out
Keep countin' the inch, chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Now my papa is a nun, my mama is a slut
Second brother's got my sister knocked up, chop
Hey, Bob-a-ree-bob
Yes, my baby knows
Now the cattle's in the pasture and the hog's in the corn
Granny's in the crapper blowing grandpa's horn, chop
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Yes, my baby knows.
Got a brand new Chevy with a tank full of gas, a mouth full of tea, and a hand full of ass.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
Yes, my baby knows.
Oh, yes.
Hey, Bobbery Bob.
And friends, I just thought I'd break in and explain what you've been listening to tonight.
Partly, about half of the pieces, little pieces I've been playing, come off of the old time, the old sad stuff,
the old subgenius media barrage tape number two, Sex, Sickness, and Slack, I think we ended up calling it.
I don't delve into our old tapes.
All that often because there's so much new stuff coming in.
And some of you listeners may already have some of this.
But I imagine there's at least a dozen of those and probably a dozen others just plain listening now.
So, interspersed with that, other pieces coming in from Reverend Nancy Regalia and what else have I been playing?
God, I didn't even keep track.
It's all those tiny tapes.
Tiny little cuts, man.
The computer doesn't tell me nothing anymore.
We're the sickest people I know.
Now, pull your wallet out of your pants and pray, Bob, pray, Bob.
The feminist dupes of the conspiracy charge that not enough members are women.
Bob would agree to that.
Indeed, he would say, there will never be enough women.
But at least the ones we have are all women.
And Bob?
Bob is all man.
The James Bond of Zen masters.
The most dashing religious leader of his time.
You mean to say that Bob has actually had one of those horrible diseases?
That isn't true, doctor.
Is that true, Bob?
Just a minute, Sally.
One scandal at a time.
Yes, Bob Dobbs is a sex god.
Come on,千-joon's the sex god.
I'm justوي.
Hold on.
I killed my
ING jonz, honey.
All right, fun.
Let's delve into Vant-s viktor.
Being a pacifist and love, what's appropriate in death?
This lady is a lady that wipes out 마드,
and lately has lost the ability to find the end in Christ.
And she says that's probably what ma's takes the most time out of this family.
That doesn't help her.
Maybe it's cost yani she's heavily in prison,
if she doesn't inserted at the army and lives alone.
At least we have enough people to talk about.
I mean it's too bad.


Hope thar have all achieved success at home.
The sad weekly self-denial preached by the New Age movement is pure conspiracy pablum.
The true son or daughter of Bob knows that our universe is no laid-back, home-chanting cosmos,
but an active, tumultuous, squirting universe bent on rampant reproduction and easy grins.
The false cults may try to teach personal transformation, psychic development, human potential.
But Bob goes straight for the glands and seeks to amplify the self to bloat the abnormality potential of his pupils.
Only through excess can one contact the lower self where the real decisions are made.
Don't just eat a hamburger, eat the hell out of it.
Oh, what the hell was that?
Take your queen heart out of it.
And hand in hand exploring.
Walk on God's own grassy floors.
I vow you'll both adore it.
No matter just what you have in mind.
It's bound to be better.
You will find.
If you try it.
I'll die.
Joy.
I'll die.
I'll die.
I'll die.
Quiet down, you pipe-down!
It doesn't look as if there's anybody else there, Doctor.
The last seems to have taken care of itself.
I'm being as quiet as I can!
Yes, you're so quiet.
What's that?
It looks like an overload.
A nine-pound spider!
Get that thing away from me!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
It looks like the three boys on the show might have reached the top.
It's a nine-pound spider!
Lady.
Other zone.
According to the widely accepted theory, about fifteen billion years ago, a titanic explosion
called the Big Bang spawned the entire universe.
In the first second after the explosion, mysterious entities called X-particles decayed into quarks,
the building blocks of protons, neutrons, and nucleons.
At the end of the first second, the blasts gilded other subatomic particles such as electrons
and neutrinos.
How come nobody's interrupting me?
I'm doing this boring stuff.
Then the protons and neutrons merged into a comic book.
Just like the old show.
Is that how come when I see a girl in the springtime, a good-looking girl, I sort of
get horny?
Uh-oh.
Yo, bring on the baby.
Bring on the girl.
Bring him on.
Bring him on.
Bring him on the baby.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Bring on the girl.
Take it off.
Take it off.
Take it off.
Well, just put it back on.
Is this supposed to be some kind of takeoff?
Is this supposed to be funny?
Go ahead and take it off again.
No, it's one thought.
Put it back on.
No, it's one thought.
This is all just a joke, right?
I mean, you guys don't really mean it.
Is this like part of the satire?
I mean, is this part of the joke for three guys to talk at the same time and it doesn't
make any sense?
Is that...
I don't get it.
You get up on stage and launch a Covino here.
I don't understand that.
I'm not sure.
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
But it's approved by the blue girlfriend.
Oh, come on.
I'll let you know.
And at the 17 committee hearing, it's been disapproved by a community...
Come on.
Are we still on the air?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.




Yeah, we're still on the air, friends, and you can invade our airspace, not here at the
station, but at the subgenius headquarters building, by writing to the post office box
number I'm about to give you.
Dear friends, write Bob for free information at P.O.
Box 14030.
Okay.
Box 140306.
I'll say that number again.
Post office box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Yes, go ahead.
Write us.
Just say, Bob, I'd like to know what the heck you're talking about.
What about this church of yours, Bob?
Are you really a holy man, or are you just the Charlie Manson of the early 2000s?
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.




Thank you.
See all that banging around?
We got the phones working again.
What?
What?
What what?
Now, this little tape coming up here.
My kids listened to this in the car, and they thought there was something nasty about it.
And I want you to listen real close, and see just how nasty it is, okay?
Would you like to know how to...
...fall around with a franky and score?
..talk whenever you feel like it.



My name is Angel. We are the Android Sisters. We are a game men like to play. It is easy to turn me on.
We are easy. We are the Android Sisters. Now, here is the way to play fool around with a Frankie. And score. Now, the proper sequence.
Place your lips here. Place your lips here.
Bite me gently. Here. Bite me gently. Here.
Now, take your hand and move it. Here.
Now, take your hand and move it. Here.
Now, lower. Yes. Lower. Not too fast, not too slow.
Yes.
Oh. Oh.
Do you see how easy it is? We could drive you crazy. In an instant. Shame on you.
Did it really happen? Did it really take place? And if so, where? It happened in your mind.
Shame on you.
Do you see how easy it is? To control your mind?
We.
And we are only androids.
What do we know?
We can do that to you.
Think of what they do to you.
All of the time.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Shame on you, dear friends.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Shame. Shame.
The guilt.
Where is the guilt, friends?
Have you not been getting enough guilt?
Well, here's a little bit of it for you.
And now, live from the Carlet Municipal Auditorium in Carlet, North Carolina.
PCP Productions brings you the Reverend Ernest Dangerfield.
of its miracle-healing crusade.
Reverend, come here.
The check came back.
The check came back.
What do you mean the check came back?
What do you mean the check came back?
Who sent that check?
Find out who sent that check
and I will hang him from the genitalia.
You're on.
From high atop the Great Cathedral
in the Acre in Ohio.
Who sent that check?
You're on, Reverend.
When people send me money
because I need money
and I expect money to be good
that is sent to me,
who sent that check?
Find out.
You're on.
Friends,
if you need to be healed,
I can heal you, friends.
Come up on stage
and feel his hand
on you.
And you can be healed.
Friends,
I don't get no respect,
no respect at all.
I was brought up in a church
that was so rough.
How rough was it?
They used to play strip bingo
on Wednesday nights.
Friends, the pastor was so mean,
he gave us prune juice for communion.
But I'm not like that, friends.
As long as you have money,
then he can touch you
and heal you through me.
And as long as the IRS
doesn't come bitching to me,
I don't care.
I don't care.
Because I got what I want.
And you can have what you want too, friends,
if you'll just come up here
and let me touch you and heal you.
Friends,
what's wrong with you, friends?
He has demons, friends.
He has demons all in this poor man.
Demons.
I'm going to take those demon spirits
from his body.
I'm going to take them from him.
I'm going to take my...
Don't throw up, son.
The sex is rented.
I'm going to stick my fingers up his nose
and to pull those demon spirits out.
Out, out, demon spirits.
Out, out.
The demon spirits have been removed.
Can you have a clean ex, please?
Get this man out of here.
Yes, friend.
Another one healed.
You, sir.
What is your problem?
Why is that man in this way?
No, friend, you have demons.
No, I don't.
You have demons, friends.
Look, friends, this poor man has demons.
No, I feel fine.
You have demons.
You have demons.
You have demons.
You hear me?
You have demons.
You have demons, friends.
I told you this poor man has demons.
Get him out of here.
I don't want to fool with him.
What's your name, little girl?
What's your name?
No.
That's mine, but that's a funny name.
You're a little girl.
I'm not a little girl.
And why are you dressed like that, friend?
I shall watch out for this one.
No.
It's good.
You have problems, friend?
Do you smoke?
Do you have cigarettes with you?
Well, give them to me.
Do you drink, friend?
Yes.
Do you have liquor with you now?
Yes.
In the house of the Lord you bring liquor?
Well, give it to me.
Do you have sex with virgins, friend?
Yes.
Well, give them to me.
Do you have sex with other men, friend?
No.
Yes.
Well, give them to me.
Do you have sex with beasts, friend?
No.
Well, give them to me.
Do you do dangerous drugs, friend?
Yes.
Well, give them to me.
Yes.
Do you feel better now, friend?
No.
Well, praise God!
Do you wanna friend?
I feel better!
Yes, friend, I feel better!
Somebody say amen.
Thank God.
I feel better.
Praise God.
Say amen, losers.
Praise Cancer.
Yes, friends, I feel good, too.
Because those demons,
those pills, those evil women were all sent to Bob at Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas, 75214,
and to KNON, Box 710909, Dallas, Texas, 75371.
Now, before we move out of here, I just want to play this one song.
And let me just, well, it's by the Ramones, but I sort of like to consider this part an important,
probably the most important part of my last will and testament.
I want all of you to remember this and just make sure that you uphold my wishes
as expressed by this ancient band of the punk era.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Pet Cemetery.
It couldn't be?
Oh, you think so, do you?
I'm sorry.
I guess it couldn't be worse.
The ground is sour.
Stonier than a man's heart.
Sometimes dead is better.
Sometimes.
Anyway, let's tell you this.
It's a little after 10 o'clock.
Sometimes slack is a lot better.
On 89.3 FM,
voice of slackheads across Texas.
And I hope you're having fun.
It's Sunday night.
Did you turn your clock back?
I didn't.
Hey, everybody say hi to Doug Wellman.
Hi, Doug Wellman.
Thanks.
And they should have heard you.
So, let's see.
I guess we're going to turn the clock back tonight.
And we're going to do two hours of music.
So, we're going to start with a piece from Dwayne Allman.
Because on this day, about 18 years ago,
he crapped out on us, unfortunately.
But he was a great guitar player and a wonderful human being.
And so we're going to be featuring a bunch of different stuff.
And I'll start it off with a piece from Hourglass called Been Gone Too Long.
Been Gone Too Long

Been Gone Too Long


Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long



Been Gone Too Long






Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long




Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long
Been Gone Too Long











Been Gone too Long

