Haven't you figured it out by now, those of you who listened to the program for a while?
The reason it's a little different is that this audience is a little different.
And the reason this audience is a little different is because I'm a little different,
and I'm a little different because I want to reach the people who are never going to go to your church.
No.
Exciting.
Turn on.
And now, the Sucky Genius.
What are we doing? What are we doing with the money?
Well, honestly, we're spending. We're paying a huge, huge stout salary.
I mean, like yesterday, they were counting in a huge box of money.
She says, look, Bob, it was so good to look at that.
With your dear, dear host in prayer.
Partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Presented to you by the Church of the Subgenius.
In the name of J.R. Bob Dole.
Yes, dear friends, we're back.
And it's so clean in here this time.
Yes.
We.
Actually cleaned up Tarzan's radio station.
So named because of the treehouse-like effect that it gives when you look at it.
There's microphones hanging by vines from sticks and things like that.
But in the process of cleaning, and theoretically, you won't hear me knocking cassettes off the table anymore.
Oh.
Well.
Or not as much.
And in the process of cleaning up.
The mountains and mountains of little Wellman heads and cassettes.
I've stumbled onto lots of wonderful old tapes that I'd sort of forgotten existed.
Including this Nina Rota music in the background here.
I've been looking for this for years.
And so I'm just going to mix a little bit of the old and the new.
To most of you, even the old will seem new.
Well, here's some new.
Let's listen to this Jesus fellow here just briefly, eh?
Now think.
Have I launched the head today?
Have I helped others launch the head?
L. Launch the head.
Now L also stands for the luck plane.
Now this is something that when you're a subgenius you come to understand.
Bob is the center of the luck plane.
Now most people, we call it surfing the luck plane.
Most people don't even know that they're on the luck plane.
They don't even know they have a surfboard.
Now you guys have wisdom.
Again, you haven't even paid your 30 bucks and I've just told you something else.
You're way ahead of everybody else because you know you're on the luck plane.
And once you know you're on the luck plane, you can begin to manipulate it.
You can begin to ride that wave.
And I'll tell you, it's true.
Most people, they're on the board.
Everybody's on the board.
And they're just paddling along with their arms and legs hoping to get by.
And you become a subgenius.
You learn slowly to use the luck plane for yourself.
Because that's all we really want.
That's all you want.
That's all you really, really need to get by in life.
Think about it.
Think about it.
How does a band like the Beatles become as popular as they become?
Or Madonna or Michael Jackson or any of these people?
Why them and not everybody else?
Luck.
Now a lot of people might say, well, it's just good marketing.
No.
There's a lot of people with good marketing.
It's luck.
And that is the only thing you need.
This is a message to all churches denomination.
Respect is due to be judged.
I've lost my mind.
Okay.
I think this guy up there.
You're listening to a diamond amusement park in a very good style.




History and let your old not see it saying, Oh, God.
Exactly.
He's gotze.
Huh?
He said, Simba Ignition.
We're trying even harder, right?
Bobby the印ic.
No.
So you don't pay for it.
Is this life for me?
To do this?




No.
Oh, yes, if I'd be old time religion.
If I'd be old time religion.
If I'd be old time religion.
Because if it's good enough, all right.
If it was good for Moses and David.
If it was good for David and Solomon.
Ah, yes.
All right, Dallas.
All right, wherever you are, everywhere but Dallas.
Yes, dear friends.
I have never seen the image of a bald-headed Jesus yet.
Although, the current living Jesus actually is an Italian.
But he is a, well, he's not exactly a dreadlock feller.
But he looks like Jesus is supposed to look, you know, with the long hair and the beard and so forth.
I'm working on the Moses bit myself.
I can't grow a beard.
I can't grow a beard for hooey.
But I got the long graying hair.
We're working on that, friends.
Let's see what else is on this ancient type.
Day by day, you will become more and more relaxed.
Each day, you will experience a new delightful sense of quiet peace and perfect contentment.
This enjoyable sensation will launch you into...
The soul.
The soul.
The soul.

Oh, oh.
Not that again.
Time.
It is showtime.
It's showtime.
And the show must go on, baby.
Come with me and you will see.
We are stepping high.
What is the name of our show?
Love Genius Radio.
Well, obviously, that's just going to go on like that.
That was a great old intro.
Yeah, there it is.
High in the sky.
We will dance.
We will sing to please you.
You are stepping high, high, baby.
But don't forget that I am here.
Yes, dear friends, that man is driven by Bob Dobbs.
He's got to be.
He's got to be.
This is Ken Nordean.
Sometimes I wonder if I know where I'm going.
I go for a walk like this.
And it seems I have been walking for years and years and years.
I've been mixing for years and years.
And I don't know where I'm going.
I hear the sound leading me on.
And I don't know where it is taking me.
I see people.
I see people rushing someplace.
They seem to know where they're going.
And they're getting there in such a hurry.
But where am I going?
You know where you're going.
Maybe you could tell me.
And then I could go along with you.
What's the matter with you, bud?
You in a fog?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
No.






I don't even know why I'm there.
God
Come on, you human beings are not human.
I fotoshocked myself in my protect center sleeping on top of it.

Look at me, at you.


One look and you know what you're going through.
Well, I know what you're going through.
And I has nothing 번째.
Well, I vig community in a récup.
I know where I'm going.
Sometimes I feel as if I'm getting closer.
Like now.
Yes, I am getting closer.
You hear?
The sound is getting louder.
Yes.
But it's getting blacker.
And blacker.
And blacker.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
When you're on, you're not you.
You make me rich.
A big business man with a big company.
And everyone.
Everyone kowtows to you when you come around.
But when you're lost, you're a nobody.
You're just a lost person, that's all.
And unless and until someone or something gets you straightened around
so that you know which direction to travel,
you just don't amount to very much.
You're not worth anything to yourself
and you're not worth anything to anybody else.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you
that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob is sex.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Now Bob, Bob's the luckiest man in the world.
Bob's never made a mistake.
Um, and the mistakes that Bob does make,
when he does make them,
in the long run, are not mistakes at all,
but just a way for him to make more money.
Uh, you know, Bob could break his leg and then make a million dollars.
And it doesn't all make sense to us,
but when you're riding the luck plane,
it all comes together.
So, L.
Launch the head.
A.
Third letter in slack, A.
Acknowledge your superiority.
This is very important.
Once you've made a mistake,
you're a subgenius.
You realize you're not just different than everybody else,
you're better than everybody else.
Now when you're a subgenius, you must realize this.
You must cultivate it.
Because, yes, you are better than everyone else around you.
And all this time you just thought you were weird, or,
you know, a lot of us have gone through life,
been in school, we were the outcast.
Or maybe even in our adult life, we're still the outcast.
And we're thinking, well, what's wrong?
Well, your superiority is what is wrong.
Now, that doesn't mean you don't make mistakes.
It just means that, well, you're better.
Now, if you go around as a subgenius
and tell everybody that you're better than everybody else,
well, you're going to be real annoying,
and, you know, not really have all that many friends.
And a lot of subgeniuses make this mistake.
But you have to remember that part of being better than everybody else
is realizing that you're not just different than everybody else.
You're not really better than everybody else.
Like, take this person next to me, for instance.
I can tell by looking at her that she is better than me.
And by me recognizing that she's better than me,
that makes me better than her.
But you need to do this, and as a subgenius,
you are superior.
Yeah, God bless you, Bob.
Yeah.
Teams of Christians work at every airport in America,
waiting for the drug to take effect,
loading their helpless victims into waiting planes
while airport officials and the FAA do nothing.
Make your children stay at home after school.
If they try to sneak out, beat them severely.
This is very important, as this blood cult of evil
targets places where teens congregate.
Shopping malls are among the best recruiting grounds
for young people to be lured into this false Christ's evil web.
If you would like more information about this threat to our American way, write to...

The true Jesus.
PO Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Thank you.
Oh, friends, there you have it. You heard it.
It's all true. I know it's all true.
It's all there on paper. It's there. I can see it.
I can hold it. I can feel it. I can touch it.
They wrote it. We read it.
That settles it.
Uh, yes, dear friends, a little bit of Dr. Legume.
Uh, there on, on, uh, Ed Strange's show.
And, and, uh, that brings me to this old song that I...
Back when Dr. Legume died in that car wreck about a year or so ago,
I just searched all over for this old record, this old Roy Acuff record.
It doesn't have a damn thing to do with Church of the Subgenius,
but it's just a great old song, so here it is.
If, if you're, uh, if you were raised like me, you grew up with stuff like this.
Who did you say it was, brother?
Who was it fell by the way?
When whiskey and blood run together,
did you hear anyone pray?
I didn't hear nobody pray, dear brother.
I didn't hear nobody pray.
I heard the crash on the highway,
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
When I heard the crash on the highway,
I knew what it was from the start.
I went to the scene of destruction,
and a picture was stamped on my heart.
There was whiskey and blood all together,
mixed with glass where they lay.
Death lay,
and I laid her hand in destruction,
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
I didn't hear nobody pray, dear brother.
I didn't hear nobody pray.
I heard the crash on the highway,
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
I didn't hear nobody pray.
I wish I could change this sad story
that I am now telling you.
But there is no way I can change it,
for somebody's life is now through.
Their soul has been called by the master.
They died in a crash on the way.
I heard the groans of the dying,
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
I didn't hear nobody pray, dear brother.
I didn't hear nobody pray.
I heard the crash on the highway,
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
I didn't hear nobody pray.




Oh, yes, Roy Acuff, dear friends.
And when your time comes, my friend,
And when you're called by your maker, you gonna be ready?
You gonna be ready? I want you to listen to this recording.
Just think about it.
Call the next defendant.
Scott Camp to the bar.
Scott Camp, I sentence you to hell.
No, I have been saved.
I've been in church practically all my life.
Yes, you have grown up in church,
and you have certainly had an experience with your God.
But the record reveals that you have been unprofitable,
and the word decrees that the unprofitable servant
must be cast into outer darkness.
But when have I been unprofitable?
You have, Rebecca.
You have rebelled against my word,
and you have stolen your Lord's money.
While you lived upon the earth,
I permitted you to earn a good living.
As my servant, I gave you power and health to earn money,
and in return for this, I decreed in my word
that a tenth part of those earnings were mine.
I left that ten percent in your care,
charging you to invest it for me into my church
that the gospel might be preached.
But you, Scott, have rebelled against my word,
and you have not only taken ninety percent,
which I freely gave you,
but you have been so covetous as to take the ten percent also.
Did you know that rebellion is a sin of witchcraft,
and that no covetous person shall enter the kingdom of God?
Oh, sir, I tell you, I didn't realize it was so serious.
You made that choice when you were only eighteen.
Look at your record.
July fifteenth.
Nineteen fifty-three.
Will a man rob God?
Yeah, you have robbed me.
But you say, wherein have we robbed thee?
In tithes and offerings.
You are cursed with a curse,
for you have robbed me, even this whole nation.
No, God wouldn't do that.
He's a loving God.
Besides, there's plenty of people that have more money than I do.
I need mine.
Scott, you made your choice.
When you rejected my word, you rejected me.
And to your eternal sorrow,
you have found that not only could you afford to give to God that which was his,
but you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
Cast the unprofitable servant into outer darkness,
where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no, no.
Let go. I don't want to go to hell.
Sir!
Call the next witness.
You, Janer Hypercletes, did ye not indeed launch that selfsame head of golf pro Arnold Palmer?
Lord, it was just a satire, Lord.
Yeah, that's right.
It was a satire on the unprofitable servant.
Yeah, that's what it was.
But whatever you do, yeah, please, Lord, cast me into that lake of fire.
Please cast me into that lake of fire.
Just do it.
Don't send me to subgenius hell.
Send him to subgenius hell, where he may join the others.
Tricked him again.
Lord, before I go, I, Janer Hypercletes, would like to tell you to...
No, I can't do that one.
Ha, hee, hee, hee.
Hmm.
Well, just think, friends, on the day of judgment,
old Reverend Stang will be forced to listen to every one of these tapes that he has put together for you.
Father, Son, Holy Cow!
Well, well.
Moses went up to the mountain high
to find out the God.
Why did you make us?
Why?
Secret words in a secret room.
He said,
Wop, bop, a-loo, bop, a-lop, bam, boom.
I did not put you here to suffer.
I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
And did I have a good time now, now, now?
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go.
Yeah.
Joseph fits a battle of Jericho.
He tells the boys with the horns, get down and blow.
They rear back, aim their bells at the stars.
He says, feed me big.
Daddy, they ain't to the bar.
I did not put you here to suffer.
I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
And did I have a good time now, now, now?
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go.
What I say.
Ah!
Now, when Jesus went out for a walk with his mother,
the scribes and the Pharisees, plotting hugger-mugger,
they locked him up and they threw away the key.
He said, why is everybody always picking on me?
I did not put you here to suffer.
No, I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
Yeah!
And did I have a good time now, now, now?
Let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go, go, go.
Hey, you got to, oh, you got to.
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go, go, go.
Sing a title.
I feel so bad about being a liar.
Let my people go, go, go.
You know, I think the winner to have a good time.
Let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go.
Got to let my people go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Because you got me confused.
Confused?
Yeah, just a little bit there.
Okay.
Look, look, look.
You started out this conversation saying you're confused.
Well, now I'm confused.
So what's the point?
Okay, what I'm saying is since I believe Lord Jesus is all-powerful
and nothing can be done without his permission,
I don't understand, you know, on the side of the Christians like me,
don't understand.
It sounds like you're trying to scare us.
I am trying to scare you.
I am trying to scare you.
I want you to wake up.
I'm ready to go when the Lord tells me.
Mel.
Slack.
S.
Send your $30 to Bob.
L.
Launch.
Launch.
Launch the head.
A. Acknowledge your superiority.
C. The conspiracy.
Who is the conspiracy?
What is the conspiracy?
The conspiracy controls everything we think and do.
It's the people responsible for putting the bad TV shows on,
of making the bad movies.
The conspiracy is so intertwined and so complicated,
they don't even realize they're the conspiracy.
Because they're hiding the fact from themselves.
And really, we know who the conspiracy is,
and you know who the conspiracy is.
It's everyone that you don't like.
And furthermore, it's everyone that doesn't like you.
We are the only church who, for 15 years,
has been fighting the conspiracy.
Some of the things that the conspiracy does that are obvious
is things like cover up important truths like UFOs
or the JFK assassination,
the Holocaust,
the Apollo Earth,
you know, all these truths that we need to know more about
and, of course, are hidden from us because of the conspiracy.
So, the first thing you need to know about the conspiracy
is who the conspiracy is.
You need to recognize who the conspiracy is.
You'll never know who they are personally,
because it's bigger than that.
But you need to see the conspiracy all around you.
And once you see the conspiracy, you learn to better deal with it.
See it.
This is the conspiracy.
This is the biggest conspiracy.
The only big conspiracy.
The World is Over Now.
You can return to your base.
You're not trying hard enough.
Oh, that's certainly great.
Send us more money.
Yeah, more money.
How much would you like?
Fifty thousand, would you say that would do it?
Uh, checks in the mail.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome.
Next caller, please.
The automatic Bob Nelson.
We'll put the automatic Bob Nelson on.
Yes, okay.
Where's my thesaurus?
Ricky, Lucy.
Here, Bob, here's your head.
Put this part on.
Here we go.
Now drive this station down Shattuck Avenue.
Never going to stop.
Ain't got no spare.
We haven't got a spare for this program.
We don't have a jack for this program.
We don't even have a hydraulic foil for this program.
We're just going to drive until this program canes in.
Go and go and go.
Welcome.
I just want to say that Bob absolutely saved my life,
and I'm so glad you're there.
And I'm president of the Bill of Rights Club.
It can't be a radius, so I'm going to write you a letter
and tell them that you just aren't being treated like the good people you are.
Goodbye.
Thanks a lot, Mom, for calling to show it.
Squeaky, little squeaky.
Subdini Mind Control gone out of control.
They handed me this jar and said my brain was in it,
and then when the police came, they poured it down the sink.
He's been...
It's going down to Bob's new subgenius.
Hello.
Well, what can we do for you, caller?
Have you come to sing, entertain us, or do you have a parting question?
I thought this weird thing, you see.
You know how people often get reincarnated into this material plane,
no matter how hard they try?
Yeah, yeah, man.
I must have committed suicide 300 times,
and I keep ending up in the same lifetime in a slightly different observational universe.
And I had to talk to you guys because...
Yeah, man, that's really heavy.
It's deeper than I can handle.
Just lay it on us, man.
I keep being born on October 21st, 19...
1952, and I end up going through the same lifetime...
Oh, well, okay, your problem is you've got a bad case of the 50s.
I've seen it.
That grassy knoll just went around the country shooting people.
There were 10 people there shooting that looked just like Cary Thornley.
Got it, dead center.
Cary Thornley!
Ah!
Ah!
Thornley!
Yes, he was the guest that scared everybody.
Even the other...
Even the other stations were scared by Cary Thornley.
You scared me so much.
Is he gonna be at your convention?
Oh, yes.
Oh, good.
And here he is now, Gary Gibrofram and Little Bud Smith in the PE class.
No, no, no, money was well spent.
Here they are doing push-ups in the showers.
There's no water coming out of these showers, Doug.
Just this funny smell and gas.
No, no, no, don't worry about...
That's the P of V.
That's not water coming out of those showers, friends.
That's church air.
Yeah, funny thing.
Really tough hombre.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.




Yeah.
Yeah.
The music has gone and the mucus is up.
Oh, no.
Hello.
We're really testing callers this morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Are you man or woman enough to take the church?
Yes.
As a matter of fact, we're planning the overthrow of the convention.
Ah, that's what we like to hear.
That's what we hear.
That's true.
Yes, yes.
It's a kill ball.
Are there any secrets you can share with us at this time about how you'll be taking over
the convention?
A bloodless coup.
Yeah, by doing something so completely unpredictable it will totally...
Oh, he's in the P-Dawg.
He's in the P-Dawg school of tentative inconvenience whipping the dead dog with siloes.
Yeah.
Yes, you see, I even wrote it.
I even wrote it to Dallas and said how predictable even the show has become.
It's James Joyce Nelson.
He's doing a monologue, an internal...
We can hear Nelson thinking.
Listen.
Well, at least there's no babies.
Let's get out of here before the babies fill up the room with that poopy stuff.
Oh, those stinking babies.
Standing diapers.
Well, if we walk out the door, the callers are going to call.
We can't let Nelson have a caller.
Right.
You're just going to have to stay there all night.
Yeah, well, only for another six and a half hours, actually.
Meanwhile...
They are yours to inspect in the privacy of your own home, shop, office, den for 20 years
or express permission already withdrawn by the Polk McKinley Harding Dobbs Coolidge Mint.
The only mint authorized stamp your application with its own seal.
Looks easy, doesn't it?
But it won't come off.
Yeah, exactly.
We were right the day we started this thing.
Yes, that's why the shop only has the right period.
Well, I've listened to Over the Edge, and I've had my callousness reinforced.
And brutalization therapy advanced to a higher possible state.
Well, one portion of Over the Edge...
We'll get you out of the 50.
Don't worry about it.
How long are you guys going to be on?
We're going to be on until they throw us out.
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
Yes, and we're back.
And what credits do I need to give?
On side one of show, we heard that song, Let My People Go, is by the Rainmakers,
a band that I really loved.
And I think they just broke up.
I actually corresponded with the guy who...
The main songwriter in that band for a while.
And let's see.
And of course, some KPFA, Berklee Subgenius Radio show,
with puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell, Gary Brobefran, Glass Madness,
and special guest, G. Gordon Gordon.
And...
I have no idea what we're going to put on next,
but I guess we'll just find out in this circus-like crazy, crazy show,
The Subgenius Hour.
I have slack!
With that wacky preacher, Bob Dobbs,
and his nutty apostles,
Jesus,
Robert Stang,
Dr. Legume,
and the Circus Bocalypse,
Palmer Vreemies,
and Susie the Floozy.
Hey, that's what I'll do.
We'll put on a little...
We'll continue with Sister Susie the Floozy's yard sale
from WREK in Atlanta.
And with her...
We tune in.
Lots and lots of Thriving Plays.
She's not the only one on Susie,
and she is commiserating with her long-lost, just-found twin brother,
Dr. Nolan Void.
Oh, hey, lookie here.
If no one buys these canned goods, you're welcome to them.
Hey, nice selection.
Tripe with extra suet.
My favorite.
But the cans won't sit flat.
Nah, they're just a little swollen.
Don't worry.
You just don't put them in a high cabinet
that says they don't roll out and bunk them.
Good tip. Oh, I remember these. The hottest Christmas gift idea for 1984.
Yep, the Ronco tampon removal system kit. I scored 50 cases of these at a discount.
And I was gonna be rich beyond my mildest dreams.
Until those damn product liability lawsuits killed a major money-making scheme.
Damn whiny butt crybabies. Hell, mine grew back.
Speak for yourself. Ouch.
Eh, too many moving parts. That was the problem. With you and the kits.
Hey, what are these funny-looking milk glass trumpet things?
Boy, they sure sound flat.
Oh, those. That's not milk glass, it's clear. I had to wash them before I set them out.
Those are some used breast pumps I scored at thrift stores.
Blah, blah!
You wouldn't believe it, those places are lousy with them.
Oh, hey, look at this. I was gonna get rid of my Wasmo Nariz album.
Oh, I must have been out of my mind.
Oh, look at this dork Wasmo. He always wore two ugly neckties at once.
It's kind of like a proto-contempo oingo-boingo band.
One of these.
You hear some?
No!
Great, you'll love it.
I see the legs. I see the gait. So little time. I mustn't wait.
Oh, is she be good?
Oh, just a play.
I'll be OK.
I mustn't you know.
Aah.

Like a fish!

Bulbulg gracamurg framing
Hey!
Like a fish, I'm the bait. I scourge ahead and hesitate.
My mind is fast, my body's slow.
Lunger!
Lunger!
Like a tool, I spend mislaid.
This use has caused a rusty blade.
I see your face, but will I not?
Lunger!
Men of Earth, seize all atomic testing.
Lunger!
Hi folks, Hiroshima Schwartz for Hiroshima Schwartz's Miniature Nuclear Weapons Warehouse.
Home of the Mini-Meg, the Pocket Thunder, and many other fine, small, low-megaton nukes that fit in your purse or pocketbook.
And what am I doing here at Helsinki Station in Moscow instead of our beautiful air-conditioned warehouse?
Well, I'm sure not waiting for V.I. Lennon. I'm waiting for the latest armed shipment from the troubled Yarrow Mountains.
Yes, at Hiroshima Schwartz, we know the best deals come straight off the train, with no Russian mafia middlemen.
Lots of American arms dealers go hunting in the former Soviet Union and don't come back.
But at Hiroshima Schwartz, we bribe enough officials in one month to bring you year-round savings.
Mr. Schwartz, the conductor would like a half-day word for you.
Your egg baskets and icons have arrived.
Car 54.
Oh, I thank you, Officer.
I thank you, Officer Krupke, you friendly Russian official.
Here's 5,000 rubles. Buy your family a loaf of bread.
And yet you vote, Krupke.
Anyway, folks, Hiroshima Schwartz Miniature Nuclear Weapons House, where, where, Weapons Warehouse, where we go to the source.
No middlemen.
Hiroshima Schwartz is literally blowing up the competition.
Here we are, stuck in this tiny tuna can.
Spinning endlessly through the black depths of space.
Broadcasting to any pilgrims down below, settlers on the planets of this solar system as we fly by.
And we'll be sending that little almond-eyed gray humanoid around to your door to collect those organs, so...
Snappy.
He'll be in the cute little uniform, so don't be afraid.
They're your friends. They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear in the dead of night as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper in.
They're your friends.
They want to teach humanity and lead us into a new age of enlightenment under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper, now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen in, now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison, with little aliens standing around outside the vat, wrapping, tying napkins around their necks, sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad, because you've just fell into the hands of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa!
Was that a caller?
No, that was an accusation. An accusation.
We need more caller souls. The bucket isn't half full yet.
Call and deposit your soul.
There was another one.
Oh, look, Bob's bucket's half full.
Look at that little old soul. Oh, it's squiggling around.
I'm gonna wipe it on the end of the table and kill it.
Oopsie-miss. Ow!
I'd like to donate my soul.
Ay-yo-ay.
She'd like to donate her soul.
Oh, it's... Let me whiff it.
We need to chew the organs.
It's a ticklish one, isn't it? You've got a ticklish soul now, admit it.
Never mind, I changed my mind. Goodbye, bye.
So relax.
Three beats per measure.
Sit back.
And enjoy our feature presentation.
This is the story about the brave men and women in the Church of the Subgenius
and all the things they did to get themselves evicted from the halls.
Shame and narcolepsy on Fantasy Island.
But when you get right down to it, good triumphs over evil.
And the forces of light trample into bloody pulp with sickly powers of darkness.
So remember, as we wander through this charnel house, this abattoir we call life,
that even though the future promises nothing,
destruction looms ahead, and the end of all joys, old age, robs us of everything worth having,
there are some nice things in life, like a shaft of sunlight drifting down.
Down to what to do next.
Well, remember, we're all on the phone now.
This is the show.
This is Interblab.
It's not that black, it's pink and shiny.
Now you can call us on any of the independent systems,
Unitalk, Ameriphone, Tele-Yank, East, Dixie Vox, U.S. Transpeak, or the Bell Panhandle.
And what we want you to do while you're waiting for us to answer those phones is disassemble each phone.
And with the knurled volume knob on the underside, force one button to open.
Full stop past left.
We're out of the volume knob!
Now turn it back the other way. See what happens?
Okay, there we go.
Now forward each of the directories in your possession to the person or firm whose name immediately follows yours on the listing
after you have crossed out your name, address, telephone number.
If your name is the last one in the directory, follow the directory to the person or firm who has the last one in the directory.
You did measure the total length of the telephone cord on premises and inches identified by the number.
In 3.5, the resulting number should match your temporary changeover identification date.
If it doesn't, notify the show as soon as possible.
The best-selling utility program that includes the notepad, calculator, and the phone.
There he goes. Flying around the room backwards.
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Darn it! Gosh dang it!
I told you to think, but I know differently.
He said, I told you to do that only if I didn't get any applause.
Wow.
Twang, twang, twang, twang.
And why don't you play some of the, uh...
...the lovely cantrips of Jesus?
We don't have to hear this, uh...this bad stuff all the time.
What a beautiful world it was.
What a wonderful world this would be.
We could all, like, have radios in our heads, you know?
And listen to the show all the time. Wouldn't that be neat?
And you would know what's tape and what's real, what's live, who's there, why they're there.
It's so neat.
There's another one, too. There are other things that these guys did.
If you want to...
If you want to, if you want to, sub-deenies.
It hurts, sub-deenies. It hurts for years to be on the show.
Okay, now, you realize that nobody can hear anybody anywhere in central or northern California.
...beat up two-bit accordion.
Wow.
That's exactly what they said out there.
Well, if you can't tell the difference, you ought to realize by the sound, a baby makes a completely different noise than an accordion when you squeeze it.
And when you stretch it, it doesn't even take in air.
Rigidity.
There is none righteous, no, not one. There is none that understandeth. There is none that seeketh after God.
They are all gone out of the way. They are together become unprofitable. There is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Verse 14.
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness. Their feet are swift to shed blood. Destruction and misery are in their way.
And the way of peace have they not known. There is no fear of God before their eyes.
These verses, whether we admit it or not, are a description of all of us before we came to the knowledge of the Lord.
Bob?
But until that happy day, we can only drink and say, Bob is my Lord, and he's coming again.
Bob!
B-b-b-Bob!
Bob!
Bob who?
Bob who?
be!
R-r-ra-r-rudine!
Bob!
24 hours late and toilet last minute after 1600 years as their beginning.
R-r-r-op few more rounds.
E causes a relapse.
R every että partil Ty teer
Until young five Burns word think
that Bill Simmons was the prodigy that jarrowed supper bar
just so that he so did sound
understand killing Bob, but they really don't understand the complexities in killing Bob.
Because to kill Bob, you must hate Bob. But to hate Bob, you must first love Bob.
And the first step is pretty easy, getting to love Bob. Now we have in the church what we call
Bobbies. Bobbies have taken the first step. They love Bob. They put Bob stickers all over the place.
They talk about Bob all the time. They buy all of Bob's stuff. And hey, they keep the church
together. I mean, let's face it, without our holy sales, we wouldn't be here. But that's only the
first step. And everyone should go through that first step. You should buy everything we have.
Buy one of everything we have to show your love for Bob. And then comes the next step. And this
is a trap. This is the great subgenius trap. And a lot of Bobbies fall into this trap.
And that is, they go from loving Bob,
not into hate of Bob, but into dislike of Bob. Now, dislike is namby-pamby. Dislike is lower
than hate. It's furious. And you must cultivate true hate. Dislike. Dislike is the subgenius
trap. And this is someone who's bought all the Bob stuff. Usually when they're younger,
they've talked about Bob. And they realize that maybe they're not getting sex. They're not getting
the...
the slack that they were promised. You know what? They can't figure it out. And they turn against
Bob. They send back all their subgenius stuff, or they burn it, or they throw it away. Because now
they decide that Bob is stupid. This happens to people all the time. They'll love a rock band when
they're young. And then all of a sudden, it's not cool anymore to like that band. And so they'll
stop liking them because it's not cool anymore. And a lot of people do that with Bob. They think
he's so great. And then they realize, hey, Bob's not cool. There's nothing cool about this guy at
all.
And they dislike Bob. Well, some of them come back to Bob. Now, this is where if you get out of that
trap and you dig yourself out of that hole. Okay, you're 14, you're 15, you love Bob, you buy all
your Bob stuff. Then you think Bob isn't cool. You hate Bob. I'm sorry, you dislike Bob. You say you
hate Bob, but you don't really hate Bob. You dislike Bob. You ruin all your stuff. And then
when you get about 21, 22, you look back and maybe you see a Bob pampered or a Bob head and you go,
what was that queer thing? And you're like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
think I liked Bob. I remember I liked that. Boy, that was really dumb. But you know, I kind of
remember that. It was kind of funny, too. I pick up one of those books. I think I think I saved a few
pages that I tore out of the book of the subgenius. And you go back and you look at it and you
realize that you just didn't really understand it. You know, you were young or just introduced
to the word. You only saw the surface of it. And you realize, hey, there's something deeper there.
And you know, this happens not just with the subgenius. It happens with a lot of things. You
see this with disco for instance or other types of music that come back in the style.
And we're not saying we're coming back in the style.
That would be wrong to say that because we'll never be as big as something like disco because
we're only meant for certain people like yourselves.
But you realize then when you're older that this bob isn't really all that bad.
And this word is a little bit deeper and a little bit more true than you would originally
notice.
And this is when you can start cultivating true hate for bob.
You love bob.
Maybe you've gone into that state of subgenius limbo of dislike.
Maybe you've gone right past it to truly hating bob.
I don't know if I've achieved true hate of bob.
Maybe in a few more years I'll truly hate bob.
You should have to.
You have to dedicate quite a bit of money and quite a bit of time.
And after 10 years, 11, 12 years, you realize that you've been busting your ass for a guy
who doesn't even know your name.
That all your work, everything you've done is for this so-called false religion.
People are still laughing at you when you give the word of bob.
This is when you can really hate bob.
This is why I don't understand why the Christians hate us so much.
I believe we're just a bunch of idiots.

I believe the great Dr. Legume once said, there's not that much difference between the
Christians and the subgenius.
They have a savior that they nailed to a stick and we have a savior we beat with a stick.
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
But there it went.
The owl.
The wallow in our intellectual omnipotence.
Doug's shorted the show out and spent the whole thing in one little three second buzz.
Yeah, sorry.
I didn't want to use up all of our tangible effect.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to use up all of our tangible effect.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry
You put on custom tailored three piece suits and shiny wooden fish shoes.
Don't have to make your athletic�iter.



to take the city bus won't have to sing the blues so nice and warm and cozy so clean and well-defined
it's all on the expense account in a corporate state of mind to get to be one of the chosen few
depends on who you know mix equal parts of promises and the people that you've sold
then add a dash of ruthlessness to all of the above you're guaranteed supremacy when the push
turns into show please don't feel uneasy at reflections that you see it's only a distortion
of what you thought you'd be if only you knew sooner what you hoped you wouldn't find
destined now to live and die in a corporate state of mind
and let it wash over you
prepare to fight
please prepare to run
don't bang and hang
to the rest of your life
do it without ever having done
to the depths that you none of your deserve
do it..
fight
to bring joy
to those around you
so I'm not doing this
just calling
but here's my line
which is so obvious
but it was pretty cool
It could never be
I'm not the man it seems
guitar solo
guitar solo
If you feel a pen of doubt
Be calm and don't despair
Go over to the closet
You'll find the suit to wear
A pen of doubt
Apologies to all concerned
You'll get it right next time
Whenever in doubt
Just hold the part
In a corporate state of mind
No pity or expendables
They got what they deserved
They may have had the talent
But they didn't have the nerve
So make the deals
Return the wheels
You know just what you'll find
Right there in the limelight
In a corporate state of mind
Guitar solo
It could never be
I'm not the man it seems
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
I'm a little scared now.
Uh, yes, I have some mighty hot guitar playing there, ain't it?
Yeah, that's, um, the...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, got the wrong...
Oops, excuse me.
Had the wrong volume knob there.
Friends, that's, um, that and what's in the background now is, uh, the Flying Ryan Brothers.
Um, with, uh, Reverend Jimmy Ryan there on the guitar.
They just came out with a CD.
Uh, yeah, I sometimes play, uh, uh, Dr. Bizarro.
And, uh, Jimmy Ryan is the guitar player with Dr. Bizarro.
And he just came out with a CD that he and his brother...
Did.
Uh, the Flying Ryan Brothers.
I'm gonna give you their address, dear friends.
That is, uh, Mace Incorporated, 7144 North Harlem, number 318, Chicago.
Ill, 6...
God.
60631.
Yeah, 60631.
God, I'm getting old.
I have to pull my glasses down to read.
And, dear friends, while we're at it, I suppose I definitely should give you the power-packed church of the subgenius post office box,
where you can write for free information about all this horrible stuff that you've been hearing.
And that, uh, post office box number is, once again, B-O-B.
No, that's Bob.
It's, uh, P-O-B.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, that's box 140.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Or email for free information from Jesus, uh, whose email address is slack at metronet.com.
Slack at metronet.com.
Uh, hold on just a sec.
I'm gonna go down there and see if Jesus is here right now.
Oh, hey, man.
Um, I'm just about finished with this show.
Really?
And we're on the air right now.
And then we can go.
All right, let's go.
Um, friends, we're, we're, uh, the Lord and, and myself are about to go to the Texas State Fair.
It's one of my favorite things to do.
Go look at the mutated bulls and, and, uh, pigs and chickens and so forth they have down there.
And the, oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
The Pobucker watching is, is great.
Hey, you'll like this show.
I played a lot of you on it.
We got all the way through S-L-A-C-K.
K, kill Bob.
Kill Bob.
And, uh.
Lunch.
Lunch.
The head.
Lunch the head.
Send in the $30.
Uh.
Uh.
What was A?
Oh, no, I fell asleep by then.
Um, well, friends, um, wish us luck down at the Texas State Fair.
Uh, praise Jesus, praise Bob, and, uh, uh, praise Raymond Burr.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Oh, I'm looking forward to it.
Looking forward to it, Mr. Stang.
I'm afraid I really am here.
I didn't want to be.
It was like a nightmare.
Now it starts to sink in.
A nightmare come true.
You wouldn't believe it.
The reason that refrigerator's so empty, he's been putting on weight at the cost of this church.
Look at this thing.
I can't believe it.
Growing on it.
Nonsense.
The Reverend Stang is just well-fleshed and enjoying the full moon.
Not for long.
New studies have shown that excessive show causes cancer.
Bite your tongue.
Uh, human soul fills a man's belly so well.
If only I had been able to stay asleep.
I had this nightmare.
I dreamed I was, I was on an airplane from Dallas to San Francisco,
but there was problems with the engine or the runway or the landing gear,
and they couldn't land.
And suddenly the, the,
the captain sounded like Hal.
And, and all the stewardesses walking back and forth sounded like Mobius Rex.
We're mumbling.
And then I turned around and sitting in the seat next to me was Gary Gabrog.
Ah!
Hey, sailor.
Want to go surfing?
Just fasten your safety belts.
This is a little brief period of freedom.
More fog.
More, more show.
That speck below us on the left is more.
Hey, am I allowed to smoke in here?
Sure, just try.
Sure.
Sure, no problem, Paul.
It doesn't bother me a bit to watch you smoke, Paul.
I don't miss the cigarettes.
Fine.
It's no problem.
I'm all right.
I'm all right.
I do not call it a mistake, a mendacity.
I call it a sin.
Perhaps fleabagism.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Shake your head.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.


Down here at the little live station with all the live little doctors.
We make you almost as free as Jesus at this hour.
Yes, but it costs the people of California a lot more than Jesus will ever cost them.
Their lives, their souls, and now, yes, we want their pocket change.
And if you don't believe that, son, then you might just as well have shot that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
yourself.
You might as well yourself have loaded that Saturday night special.
I did load the Saturday night special, and I handed it to Hatwood.
And you might as well have nailed J.R. Bob Dobbs' hands and feet up onto that cross along
with the woodman at will.
You might just as well have dragged Bob's body through the streets, pelting him with
rotten fruit.
You might just as well have performed.
You might as well have performed that autopsy and thrown away the eight bullets that would
have proved how many gunmen there really were.
We're all guilty.
