Our slack is coming up.
Princess Wee is here.
Where's my script? Where's my script?
I better push this button.
We're holding this public meeting in the Civic Auditorium tonight because of the story.
Good afternoon.
So genius.
Our call is for juvenile delinquents?
I'm happy to hear that.
Well, that's very interesting.
From PR News in Washington, I'm released today.
However, more testing is being conducted.
There were no results this time because of PR News walking in its own funeral procession.
The FBI says the suspicious foot gas that was near the site of Sunday's Super Bowl does not appear to be dangerous.
PR tells us the foot gas is controversial because...
The State Department is crude.
The State Department is 17% more crude and as much as 10% more crude than PR News Washington.
The European Central number is four-tenths of seven-tenths next Thursday.
Dow is 50-15-699.
The Commerce Department has released a report.
It shows this is PR.
Hey, Bob.
You ready to cut loose?
Wake and shake, buddy.
Let's do this thing.
Slam a cow.
That fool looks rumped.
What do you mean?
Look at him.
He's all limp and weird.
Uh, I bet he just needs some breakfast after a night of extraordinary...
Slack.
Let's combine everything we can find in the kitchen and have...
Bob?
Drink it.
That'll wake him up.
And then we can...
Get down!
He doesn't want to drink that goop, man.
Ben?
Let's just give him some, uh, purple whatevers.
You mean the...
Pills?
Yeah, whatever.
Hey!
I think he's diggin' it!
That doesn't sound...
Uh...
Uh, you think we...
You think we fed the wrong hole?
Nah.
Bob?
Just doesn't like purple whatevers.
What we need to do is figure out what he does like to eat.
Here.
Bob?
What do you like?
Me?
Some banana?
This looks like corn...
I think, uh...
Hot...
Slack.
Look!
Bob?
Likes it!
Wow!
No way!
His favorite food is...
Slack.
Awesome!
Holy fig, that's awesome!
Eat him up!
Bob?
No!
Ah!
Ah!
Keep it away!
Shoo!
Shoo!
Ah!
Ha ha!
No!

Ah!

All right, all right, I got Bob.
Calm down.
Ah!
Ah!
Ha ha!
Dude, you eating me is just as bad as Bob eating me.
Well, you gonna eat Bob, tough guy?
Yes, if that is what must be done.
Bob tastes awesome!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Okay, all right.
Now, let's get back to some Slack.
I'll get...
Pills.
Ah!
Like this!
Yeah!
Ha ha!
Woo!
Yeah!
Bob?
Go nuts!
Go nuts like there's bugs on your nuts!
Grr!
Ah!
Oh!
Whoa!
Ah!
Ugh!
What the heck?
What's wrong with...
Bob?
Uh, there's nothing wrong with...
Bob?
We just gotta plug up his holes.
See?
That worked.
Ready to...
Slack.
Little guy?
Whoa!
Oh, man!
Quick!
We gotta plug those holes!
Hurry!
All I can find is your glass eye collection!
What about your eye patch collection?
Aw, man, they're in mint condition.
Mama, mama, mama, mama, mama, mama!
One more patch!
Finished!
Ugh, Bob, you look terrible.
Now, I know you don't want to hear this, but I think we should cut our losses and bring
this fella back to where we found him.
We can't just abandon him.
Look at him, Jake.
He needs us now more than ever.
We just need to take better care of him.













Maybe from now on, right, Bob?
Oh, what?
Okay, Bob.
Exploded!
Maybe we can scrape him up and...
Ugh.
Oh!
Holy moly!
Don't worry, Bob.
We'll fix you.
Let's gather him up, Jake.
He's all over the place.
Even more.
















We're in between the floorboards!
And the cupboards!
Hey!
Stop that!
I don't understand.
That crazy mama almost killed Bob.
He feels cold.
Dang it!
Why doesn't she love Bob?
I love him.
You love him.
It's not fair!

Finn!
Wait!
Mama's supposed to love Bob.
She's supposed to love Bob.
I figured it out, dude.
It's not fair!






Bob is a black mob.
Pizza smell like black.
That's how wild animals know what's going on.
And this guy right here is all drained out!
We gotta toss it in the black soup, brother.
Alright, okay.
I loved you, mob.
I hope you know that.
Word to your mother!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!








I'll never kidnap Bob again.
You said it.
That was a nightmare.
That's what they all say every time.
That collage there was by our friend, Reverend Exister.
It was probably originally aired on Minute of Slack, which was a podcast.
We discovered a new way to think.
What?
It had to do with piecing together new thoughts and new ideas.


Why is it that people think so?
What is it about?
Well, you think they have problems.
Think about the passengers of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
I had a vision about that.
I'm kind of intrigued by that whole thing.
Because it's spooky, you know?
Spooky stuff is good.
Here's my theory.
With...
The pilot's dead.
Responsible passengers, Dr. Jack Shepard, Sheriff Seth Bullock, and the real Reverend
Ivan Stang, not me, are trying to keep some semblance of law and order so everything doesn't
go completely Lord of the Flies.
There's a potentially dangerous power struggle between those more idealistic fellows and
the uncomfortable alliance of gang leaders Sawyer, Al Swearengen, and Philo Drummond.
And their various muscle men, minions, Saeed, and the others.
The power trio is balanced out by several strangely menacing bald-headed loners.
John Locke, Katahdin Legume, and Walter White.
White, Doc Fropp, Doc Cochran, and Mr. Wu, who is actually Stang in a poor disguise,
have managed with the help of forbidden scientist Daniel Faraday to provide and or manufacture
morphine, raw heroin, super meth amphetamine, and Fropp, a kind of drug that is used to kill

the
And so forth, friends.
Mysteries have been piling up.
The island is dotted with ruins.
Statues of giant pipe-smoking heads.
And strange beasts that have no place on an island somewhere off the coast of Malaysia.
Polar bears, rape bears, and jaggies.
Moreover, some kind of malignant spirit or monsters haunt the woods and may all be aspects
of the same evil.
They or it variously appear as a smoke monster, a huge reptile called the Lagiacrus, or a
prehistoric turtle named Olsiqua.
These creatures, the temples of the ancestral Mogians, and other mysteries are somehow related
to an entity or entities, Bob or Jacob, depending on which tribe of strange jungle-dwelling
worshippers one asks, the Others or the Others.
Jacob or Bob are arch enemies of the darker forces which gradually gather their own priests,
such as Loclegume and hired gun Silas Adams.
There are fiendishly intelligent but secretive entities even more dangerous to the passengers.
Ben Linus, George Hurst, and Gus Fring, arch criminal capitalists who have temporarily
aligned themselves in an attempt to take over or as they term it, save the island and quote,
send it back to Dobstown.
Of unknown allegiance are two non-threatening but ageless men who clues suggest may be the
hundreds of years old, Richard Alpert and Enoch Root.
Likewise, two men who are supposed to be long dead are repeatedly half glimpsed almost always
in formal attire, Dr. Christian Shepherd and a television writer named Rod Serling.
Prostitution.
The world's oldest profession has now become a dangerous kick for the teenager.
The

Maybe I'm making a mistake, but I don't think so.
I'm hurting no one but myself.
If life is to be lived and freedom to be enjoyed, that's for me.
I'm young.
I want to enjoy life while I can.
This young girl poses as a student to avoid detection.
Yet her one fear is getting caught by the police.
Though she lives at home, she is not happy since her family found out what she is doing.
She knows she has to either give it up or leave home.
A big decision for a young girl.
Hey pussycat, where the hell are you?
Hey pussycat, I'm looking for you.
Hey pussycat, now, now, now.
Hey pussycat, hey pussycat.
Hey pussycat, where you hiding, fool?
Hey pussycat, I'm looking for you.
Hey pussycat, who's behind you?
Hey pussycat, where the hell are you?
Hey pussycat, where the hell are you?
Hey pussycat, where are you?
Hey pussycat, where the hell are you?
Hey pussycat, I got you in the back seat.
Hey pussycat, I want to see you dance now.
Game, Pussycat
Gonna catch the loo
Game, Pussycat
You gotta come up your self
Oh
From hells
Hot
I zap at thee
For hate's sake
I'll

I spit
My last
Breath at thee
Oh
Dammit
Well
You are entering a door
A scary door
That signpost up ahead
In the hallway
It's
The parody zone
The noise
The miserable noise
Yah

BeBe
I swear
e
We keeping
You don't know











I
You


Down

Don't
I
Wanna
Try
To
Show
The

The
Best
It
Is

Man
To

Something
Inside
Of
Us
I

I

Have
Been
aç
People, people, people, people.
Is there no respite? Is there no relief?
Herds, groves, hosts, and bevvies of people.
Will you people stop muttering back there? I'm trying to work.
If you'd really like to know precisely why I am so dead tired,
you ought to try coming to work on the subway at 7.30 every morning,
then jamming into an elevator like part of a herd of cattle,
then working in that cacophonous dim that you call an office.
Always get jostled, always get shoved, always get pushed around.
Take hold of yourself, Beechcroft. Oh, goodness sakes, man, take hold.
I'll take hold, Mr. Rogers. I'll take hold when I can achieve that.
Millennium. That absolute perfection that comes with solitude.
You read me, Mr. Rogers?
If I had my way, here's how I'd fix the universe.
I'd eliminate the people. I mean cross them off.
Get rid of them, destroy them, decimate them.
And there'd only be one man left. Me.
Archer Beechbald S. Croftbald Archer Beechcroft Esquire.
Quite mad, Beechcroft. Do you know that?
Peep.
Meanwhile...
A friend of mine works in a bookstore around the corner.
I went there for the first part of the lunch break.
I got you this.
From Mind and Bob?
How you can achieve the ultimate power of Bob?
A little on the occult side, isn't it, Henry?
Maybe so, Mr. Beechcroft, but this friend of mine is...
Well, you might say he's a student of Bob.
He swears by that book.
He says, to the best of his knowledge, it's a book.
It's the only one in existence.
Would you believe it, Mr. Beechcroft?
I've seen...
I've seen my friend cause a woman to pick up Bob.
How's that?
That's right, Mr. Beechcroft.
He saw some woman, and he concentrated real hard on the chartreuse and orange one.
And, Mr. Beechcroft, as sure as I'm sitting here in the cafeteria of the Park Central Insurance Company,
that woman picked up Bob.
Well, it's the absolute unvarnished truth.
Oh, Mr. Beechcroft, Mr. Beechcroft.
Oh, Mr. Beechcroft, please.
Oh.
Mr. Beechcroft.
Oh, Mr. Beechcroft, please.
Thank you so much, Henry, I...
I am indebted.
Well...
I...
Mr. Beechcroft.
Chapter 3.
That's the one on Bob.
Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.


Chapter 3.
Chapter 3.

Be while.
They're right.
They're absolutely, unequivocally right.
Bob is the most underrated, unknown power in the universe.
Well, a person could...
A person could...
Move mountains.

Move mountains.
Really no limit to what a man could do using the power of Bob.
No limit at all.
Well, I could just concentrate hard enough to get rid of the people.
That's what it takes.
Concentrate hard.
Getting rid of the people.
Getting rid of the people.
Getting rid of the people.
Go away. Disappear. Be extinct. Go away. Be extinct. Disappear.
Concentration. Mob over matter.
Today the landlady. Tomorrow the world.
Go away. Be extinct. Disappear.
Go away. Be extinct. Disappear.
Mob over matter.
Be extinct. Disappear.
Be extinct. Disappear.
Praying on you now, isn't it?
I mean the quiet. The emptiness.
Well, the thing of it is, it's just that while I don't care much for people, it's difficult not having anyone.
Why not get someone?
That's the point. Someone is everyone.
And I can't stand everyone. Or anyone for that matter.
There frankly isn't a...
Breed or a species of human being that I can stomach.
Ever thought of...
Mob?
Of course.
Of course. Why didn't I think of it before?
People.
People who I can stand. People like...
Mob?
That's what I'll do. I'll...
Create people.
But they'll... they'll be like...
Mob people.
A world full of...
Mob people.
That's a thought.
You bet your life.
That's a thought. You bet your sweet life.
That's what I'll do. I'll... I will it.
I'll concentrate and I will that from now on...
Everyone I see will be like...
Mob people.
Mob people.
Had it?
Undeniably.
Coming through, do you have?
Without a doubt.
A lot of mob people is just as bad as a lot of them.
It's interesting, but totally unbelievable.
I believe I've had it for the day.
I believe whatever I need to believe.
And I believe that was by that collage.
Well, that was an old Twilight Zone episode.
In fact, that was one that Dr. Hal and I had a little argument about at X Day once.
So everybody in this one Twilight Zone all looked like Shelley Berman or whoever the main actor was anyway.
I think that was the one that was chopped up by Reverend Exister, who exists in California.
And used to do the Minute of Slack podcast.
Some nice chop in there.
There was a little clip of a Devo demo or a Devo demo one, whatever.
And another collage by Exister.
And the very beginning titles in PR News are, of course, by the great Fernanda Nende, Lee Murr.
And...
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Princess Wee.
Yes, Reverend Stang.
Remember when I mentioned to you that I was getting kind of tired of my career since it's been going on for about 35 years now?
Yes, I do remember that.
And certain aspects of it.
And how I can't think about anything but my beloved video games.
Yes.
Mostly Monster Hunter.
Yes, it was quite disconcerting, yes.
And how my main video game character, the character that I put together for these Monster Hunters,
her name's Stangor.
Mm-hmm.
Stangor's been feeling overworked.
And he's just made...
I can well imagine that.
He's just made a pixel.
Well, you've seen.
Yeah.
I don't talk to you.
I just help him kill monsters.
Right.
Monster Hunter land.
Well, what if he and I change places?
You know, I would...
I'm really interested in monster hunting, and he's tired of it.
I don't know whether he's interested in Bob or...
I don't know whether he's interested in Bob or...
I don't know whether he's interested in Bob or...


or doing a radio show, but it would certainly be a change from running around the woods
trapping and bombing and stabbing at monsters.
Yeah.
It's just that I'm not made of pixels, and he is, and he can't handle a lot of the work
that I do since he's just made of pixels.
Yeah.
He can probably edit audio inside the computer.
But he wouldn't be able to come down to the station to put the audio on the air.
Right.
Likewise, I would be willing, in theory, to strap on a bunch of armor and go out and stab
monsters, especially if I had the kind of drugs that Stangor has.
But the monsters are made of pixels.
Or maybe it's the other way around.
Maybe that's the real world, and we're made.
We're made of pixels.
But what difference does it make?
Know what I'm saying?
Notch.
But this kind of merging between worlds has really been happening a lot.
Yeah, it has.
It happens in my...
In fact, I've been thinking David Cronenberg would probably pay good money to see my dreams
and rip them off.
I bet he would.
I think he would.
Because they're a mashup of the three TV shows that we've ever watched, modern shows, which
is Lost, Breaking Bad, and Deadwood.
Those are the only shows we've...
That aren't animated that we've watched.
And we did watch all of the Twilight Zones a few years ago.
Yes.
And, of course, the conspiracy spends all of its time watching Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes.
Who should, but isn't.
That's interesting.
I wonder what happened there.
And, uh, can you...
I'll have to drop that Dave-man.
Yes.
Don't drop Dave.
That mayor...
That mayor...
We had to drop Dave.
Well, he dropped us.
I don't blame him.
I don't blame him.
You know, I've been dumped before.
How do you know he dumped us?
He hung up.
I didn't hang up on him.
I pushed the button.
The button...
Actually, I should turn this button off.
I think it was a ghost in the machine, and I don't think it had anything to do with Dave.
We had a call earlier in the evening at the station, which doesn't happen very often because
people who listen to the Hour of Slack...
know that we don't take calls from anyone except lonesome cowboy Dave, because nobody
else is that lonesome.
But it was our old friend Chuck Wurstrom, who has... did some really great audio stuff on
the old subgenius tapes.
But hopefully, now we would see Dave.
Hello?
Dave?
Can you hear me over this incredibly hellacious buzz?
Yeah, your buzz is quite bad, Dave.
It's extremely bad.
Did you understand?
It just happened that I didn't do it on purpose.
I don't know what's going on with this now.
Well, I told you the conspiracy was watching you.
And they're obviously recording us both, because I can hear an echo of myself.
Yeah, me too.
You can hear an echo of yourself?
Yes.
And I can hear the ocean on your terrible line.
Did you remember to...
Yeah, it's not only buzzing, it's cropping.
I wasn't doing that before.
Did you remember to unplug your message machine?
It's unplugged.
Dang.
Well, maybe you better plug it back in.
And then unplug it.
I don't know.
Friends, listeners, just to explain earlier tonight, Dave was talking to us by the miracle of the telephone at our office.
And he was worried about the buzz, which wasn't nearly as bad as it is now.
Not at all.
And he reached down and for some reason unplugged his answer machine, and the buzz disappeared.
Well, just a minute ago, I was flashing...
So I had to go in the other room for a little while and just sit quietly until things passed over.
And then, yeah, I came back and I redialed and then I forgot.
It became flatulent again.
And, no, I could hear the sound of wind rustling.
Well, it's really terrible.
I know.
I mean, I wonder if you ought to try, like, hang up, wiggle everything around and try one more time.
All right.
Okay, man.
Try it again.
All right.


















We'll crank the music up a little bit.
I don't have any idea who did this music.
It's called Drug Songs.
And this one is called Hashish.
And the next one's called Mescaline.
And it's what our friends who didn't know the term techno said.
What's that Amsterdam music, man?
I happen to like that kind of computer music.
Because it's the only kind.
It's the only kind that I can make with my level of talent and skill.
Loop music.
And the rhythm is just so, I don't know, military or something for me.
Princess Wee is a folk singer.
I bet you all didn't know that.
But she actually is in a folk singing band that we don't talk about on this show because, frankly, we're afraid of you listeners.
And I mean, not all.
Not all of you, but most of you.
Yes, I would say that would be accurate.
So we're careful.
Although, you know, if somebody wanted to kill me, I'm easy to find.
But there's no sense in making it easy for you to find Princess Wee and her band.
No.
Because mostly they sing nice songs.
They're not like subgeniuses.
Actually, they are subgeniuses.
Technically, they are all subgeniuses.
But it's a folk band.
We even have original.
It's Dobbs songs written by Sister Melodious Jobs, the leader of the band.
Yeah, the marriage of Bob and Connie and several other.
There were like three Bob songs.
Yes.
Which I would love to play right now, but I can't.
And I wonder what happened today.
You know, we've gotten calls from people we can't put on.
And the one guy we could put on, I think he's putting us on.
I think he just adds those sound effects and he does this just to make it.
Do you see why I want to live in video game world?
These things don't happen.
Yes, I see, dear.
When you die, you come back to life there.
That's the biggest difference of all.
And you can be outdoors and it's never really hot or cold.
Even if you're in the tundra, you're still comfortable.
Even if you're in your desert, you're still comfortable.
What happened today?
Friends, can you help explain?
Or fix our callers and our listeners and the producers and vocal people on this show who are talking now like this?
Help us solve the mystery of the missing day.
That's a lot.
Miserable.
It's not as bad.
It's not as bad?
No.
No.
No.
It's a nice low level of kind of a rug of a hum.
The kind of hum we can riff off of where we imaginative enough.
Kind of like an electro rub in the back of your.
Skull.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I'll try to look at it that way.
But pleasant.
You know, the problem is it kind of, it becomes louder between words.
Can you hear that?
Between each individual word.
There's a limiter somewhere filtering that thing.
A brain, an artificial brain, which lowers the.
Wow.
Wow.
That felt great.
Yeah.
How do we do that?
You're there?
Come on, man.
You guys are freaking me out now.
The buzz totally dropped.
It's gone.
I know.
It totally dropped.
I lost my buzz.
Do you have any idea of what you did or did you do anything?
I didn't really do anything.
I moved the phone a little teeny bit, but I'm afraid to move it again.
Don't touch her.
Don't touch.
That's like, I told you, that's like my phone.
I have, as long as, on my office phone.
But remember, Stang, it happened in phases.
Because I can subliminally redirect my thoughts to pick up each moment in time as it passes
and it recurs and stuff like that.
And so it kind of got a little bit quieter.
And then I moved the phone just a little teeny bit and it completely went off.
The limiter was in your head.
That's what my theory is.
Well, I'm sure it is.
That implant is probably putting out kind of an overworked 60 cycle hum.
Any she.
Any 90.
Any 90.
Any 90.















97, 1959 inspired idiotic church or cult like the church of the subgenius
would think all actions are self-directed to begin with.
It's more like 1953.
And you got us confused.
No, you got us confused with the church of Scientology.
Our actions are defined only by Bob and he's paying no attention.
So it might as well all be random.
And once again, you.
Well, everyone except you.
Has free will.
You have a buzz.
You had free will, but now you have this hum or buzz.
A fuzzy cloud following you around, man.
Did you make the fuzzy cloud?
You know what I mean.
Did you create it with your mind or?
No, I ate too many.
I ate beans for breakfast.
That's where the fuzzy cloud came from.
The mighty cloud.
I ate the beans.
I forgot the bean.
Oh.
So I'm living under a cloud.
I'm living under a cloud.
No one wants to be near me.
I would come and wash all of my troubles away in one swell swoop.
That's why we have to do radio shows.
We smell too bad to do television shows or God forbid, theater, comedy clubs.
And to tell the truth, you know, we don't have to smell the audience this way either or look at them.
Nor do they have to smell us for any particular reason other than they want to, you know.
Or if they're working for the national security.
Yeah.
Or if they're working for the national security agency, then they have to sniff us out.
Just in case.
Most of the New Orleans of Dr. Moreau are dog people who can sniff your underpants from a half a mile away and know if you contain any vessels of destruction.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
No, but there seem to be a lot of mutant animals going around.
I remember you always talking about that back in the old days.
It was so sublime, so misconstrued.
I used to cry.
I was like, oh, my God.

Sometimes, real late at night, I'd drink a half a jug of spiked lemonade and go crawl up in a corner and suck my thumb.
But that's not the good part.
That explains our older shows.
The wisdom you imparted.
The wisdom you imparted.
Well, the problem is there were a lot of mutant animals around, but some of them managed to reproduce.
And now you can't call them mutants.
They're just a new species.
Hence the word subgenius.
They are very, very, very weird.
I think I have seen one one time in my own neighborhood.
It just looked like a cross between a bald weasel.
You know, if somebody said, hey, have you ever heard of the chupacabras?
You know, in Mexico and like that.
And of course, everyone knows about it.
What's that sound?
Well, Dave, it is.
It's sad because late at night lately, I've been looking out in my yard or the moat rather around the slacker mansion.
And they're out there trying to eat bark off of bushes.
You know, the leaves are long gone and they're trying to eat the bark because that's all they have.
And they're all bruised up and banged up.
You can be limp because they've all been hit by cars trying to cross roads.
And I just feel terrible about this.
The strife subgenius is.
But there's what can you do?
Well, first of all, you have to let them smoke.
I don't mean that in a devil idolatry way.
Let them go to hell and burn or nothing like that.
But you have to cook them a little bit.
You have to raise a gentle fire under the buttocks until the brain gets warm.
And it takes a long time if you do it at the right temperature.
Just kind of roll them over in the oil.
And plus, cigarettes are so expensive now.
So smoking them costs and it takes a long time.
And it's a hell of a task.
Right.
And am I responsible?
Subgenius up into a cigarette and with, you know, a couple thousand papers.
It usually takes a couple packs anyway.
Right.
And they're usually wet and they won't light.
Yeah.
Their hair doesn't catch fire the way it's supposed to.
And they never smell like they're, you know, like they're advertised.
Yeah.
A Turkish blend turns out to be a Turkish delight, you know.
It's not funny.
I don't know why you're laughing, Princess League.
And we're going to be like no subgeniuses ourselves.
Well, you know, it's the kind of thing when you see your grandmother fall down the steps and you break out in laughter.
And you go, oh, it's because it wasn't me, I guess.
They roll, they roll you up and they smoke you.
That's what they would do if they could.
Them, I mean.
You know, not the others, but the others.
So in cooking terminology, that would be a subgenius unpapeot, right?
Unpapeot.
Unpapeot, yeah.
Subgenius unpapeot.
Unpapeot.
You could have with a little bit of brioche, we could just put on your forehead.
Right.
Just a little, just a dab.
A dab will do you.
You could wear a little pink on each ear like a deer mouth.
Princess Wee is laughing at me because once again, I find myself in between two people who are talking about food.
And that causes those of us who are not.
And that causes those of us who are not.
Connoisseurs of fine foods wait for them to quit talking about food by waving our heads slowly back and forth.
Patiently.
Yeah, one might wonder, might ask, you know, what the hell, what the heck does Bob have to do with cuisine?
Well, see, we've changed the subject.
So now it's our question.
Of course, our next day.
Almost every Friday night, we have dinner with our friend, Mr. Sister.
And at some point, he and Princess...
Princess Wee start talking about food.
And that's when his son and I just kind of wave our heads back and forth waiting for the subject matter to change to something interesting like a drink.
I don't know.
Maybe you shouldn't wear the huge Viking helmets that weigh 120 pounds.
And you guys wouldn't be waving your heads all the time.
It's a silly way to spend Friday evening if you ask me.
When you dress up like Vikings and stuff.
I don't do that.
Yeah, this Princess Wee does that.
She's the one with the Viking, the Brunhilde helmet.
I don't...
You might have seen me do that once for a joke.
Like in drag.
Oh, I'm Princess Wee.
I'm from outer space.
And look, I'm Viking from outer space.
I'm so beautiful.
Eee!
But I don't wear that crown anywhere out.
Like, especially to the fish fry.
My goodness.
Well, but to X Day, maybe.
Yes, to X Day, I would.
Yes.
Well, maybe.
Someday, the light on that other horn will start flashing.
And on that moment, that will be the signal to the men from Planet X
to come down and rupture up us subgeniuses
and save us from this planet of the clocks.
The shadow people.
The hollow, empty people.
Yeah, people, sure.
What I always wish to ask you, Reverend Stang,
and all the times we've spoken on the air
or besides that the truck stopped a few times
that you did leave,
let me talk to you.
I always remember you mentioning
one very important fact about the Church of the Subgenius,
which was completely,
I completely forgot what the...
That blunt, huh?
It was in direct response to what Reverend Ivan Stang was saying.
Well, it's drug-related, basically.
You're familiar with that story,
the strange case of Dr.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
I know of Dr.
Strangelove and Dr.
Moreau.
Those are the only doctors that I want to play in the band with.
Now, that was by Robert Louis Stevenson,
but his grandson, Neil Stevenson,
wrote a more accurate version that kind of fits me.
You know, the idea behind Dr.
Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde is that man has two sides,
you know, a good side and a bad.
Which is kind of silly,
because only people differentiate between good and bad in that way.
And Dr. Jekyll,
wanting to know how the other half lives,
or perhaps wanting,
out of the most pure ideals,
just creates a drug that will separate the two sides.
And he finds himself turning into Mr. Hyde,
who is, instead of being a simpering prude who's all good,
is the opposite.
He's a real badass.
Well, I'm not like Dr.
Jekyll.
I don't have that good side.
Well, you don't necessarily have a bad side.
But I'm not just a Mr.
Hyde.
I like to think that in my case,
it's more like Mr.
Hyde and Reverend Seek.
Or perhaps there is a Jekyll in there and there's three Stooges altogether.
But that would require more drugs to separate.
Because I don't want to be Dr.
Jekyll and I don't want to be Mr.
Hyde.
I'd rather be Reverend Seek, you know?
Yeah.
And you could spell it S-I-K-H and you'd have to wear a beard.
Right.
You wouldn't just choose to wear it.
Like, that's why when I chose Dr.
Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde, Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde and stuff, I realized I was going to have quite a moral dilemma viewing any kind of conflict between Jekyll and Hyde,
who seemed to agree to be the Mr.
Hyde of the Dr.
Jekyll and Hyde character.
Well, they were both Hyde-like.
Right.
They were both black crows, weren't they?
I guess that's the only kind of crow there is.
Like an encyclopedia.
Were they British?
They had kind of a 1930s wise guy kind of parlance.
That's what I thought.
It was like, to my youthful ears, hearing the heckle and Jekyll on the TV shows.
Or was one of them like a wise guy?
Yeah.
A Bronx wise guy.
And one of them was almost British.
Perhaps that's it.
But then maybe you're also getting Daffy Duck's card playing and gambling buddies.
Well, then there's the goofy gophers, which were the, you know, oh, after you.
No, no, no.
You first.
Oh, indubitably.
Inevitably.
You know which ones I'm talking about.
Right.
Exactly.
The ones with the bubble drums and little tiny hats that go inside the brain instead of outside the head.
Right.
So the question is, which is real?
The cartoon people or us?
Us.
The video game people or us?
Probably it's us.
But how do we know we're not some tune or game or thing of some other player?
Which, of course, is where people get the idea of God.
Certainly we know that if Bob is playing us, he's bad.
He's just not a very good player.
Yeah.
He's a cultural.
What do you want?
I don't know.
What's the word?
He left.
He walked away from.
He's losing sore.
Pardon?
He walked away from the PlayStation and just left us hanging.
Yeah.
And he was wearing diapers too.
And they were well soiled.
And he was talking to himself.
But we don't know.
I mean, I honestly, I get the impression that, you know, I've done animated films and I've
done, I've played video games and I've never had the impression.
I've illuminated his head with a little teeny light bulb.
Well, I never got the impression that the characters, you know, they're not real.



That they were anything but characters.
I never, they never talked back to me, you know?
Well, how do we know we're not in the same boat with some other Uber player or designer?
That drags into the whole, that whole religion business.
You know, we try to say no Bob, no aim, no race.
We're out of the race, but because of a flat tire.
But how do we know?
Yeah.
Anyway.
You know, when, when Princess, we.
Well, the new knows, I think, but if we had goldfish, you know, they don't know that
we're, that they're in our goldfish bowl.
That's the whole world.
To the, to the rat in the cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Every once in a while we do look out of our bowl, don't we?
And not just look up at the food and stuff, but we look up at who's dispensing the food.
Well, we think we do.
And people get all kinds of ideas.
Oh, well, it's the Catholic God or the Jewish God or the Muslim God or some kind of, or God forbid, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Although he doesn't really fit into that bracket.
He's not nearly as well connected as those others.
Like old school Ph.A.T., you know.
Right.
He wasn't styled too much, especially after he got his ears trimmed down.
Speaking of ears trimmed, I think your, your buzz came back.
No, I thought that was.
I thought that was your buzz, but I guess we can call it mine if you want.
You know what?
I think you're right.
I think this is the station ocean.
I thought it was a snowstorm that was.
It has a certain.
Had moved in.
And you know, it's not the station.
It's not.
No, it's not the station.
It wasn't the station that crucified Jesus.
It was the, and it wasn't the Romans.
It was the cops.
The cops.
The cops nailed Jesus.
It was the cops all along.
But Bob is the God that didn't get nailed.
Because nobody cared enough.
He wasn't that much of a threat.
And let's keep it that way.
Friends.
They tried to drive a couple of balled up pieces of paper into his hands.
They tried to sponge his forehead, but it was filled with the wrong stuff.
And so he ejaculated the wrong way.
And then they had to take them down again a couple of times because he didn't, you know,
he just wouldn't stick anyway.
Now, Dave, I hate to bring up something embarrassing, but this noise we keep hearing this interference.
Could it be?
Could it be your bad habits?
Maybe you should take your hand out of that deep, deep pocket of yours.
We all know you have deep pockets and we know where they go because there's a little opening at the end of them, isn't there?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I never sewed that up because I, of course not.
Why would anybody sew up a pocket and hurt yourself?
Boy, you know, now I can almost hear each cruddy scrape.
I can almost hear each scrape of electronic noise as if it was some kind of a chisel against my ears, against my tympanic membrane.
Or just my manic membrane.
I don't know.
Tim may have nothing to do with it.
But it does come and go.
And it's hard to tell from the background music.
Here, watch me pull this out.
See, you still hear noise.
Do you hear the crumbling there?
It's a giant snowstorm of crumble.
There was a vicious, and I thought that was the background.
It's kind of like snow thunder.
No, your buzz, you know, it started out as a hum when you first called.
Then it turned into kind of a buzz and then a buzz crumpled.
Then it went away.
And now it's gone back to the sort of crumply.
It's become palpable.
Palpatable, in fact.
Palpatable.
It's not only palpable.
It's not only palpable, but one may palpate it.
The sound.
It's like a cushion.
But it's cushion shaped, but its consistency is more like shredded wheat.
It's thick, soft, and crunchy.
And what's the time?
What's the waveform for shredded wheat?
What's the frequency, Kenneth?
You know, I'll be looking at that waveform later tonight or tomorrow.
You will?
Yes.
Yeah, I look at a lot of waveforms.
And I'm not going to tell you.
I'm not going to tell you.
Susie the floozy and I both have gotten to where we can recognize the waveform for the word sish.
I just did that one backwards.
I just reversed it.
And cough.
If you reverse those, they become dirty words.
And you can recognize them in the waveform on your monitor as you're editing your show trying to make it clean, which won't happen to this one.
We can't clean it.
This is a dirty, dirty show.
Listen to that.
It sounds like you can almost imagine the mice nibbling on the wires in Dave's basement.
See, to me, it's a pure, clean, white snow sound.
No, no.
No, that would be just snow crash.
Why did it go off so suddenly?
Speaking of snow crash, I read the most hilarious description of eating Captain Crunch cereal.
Today, I was reading this Robert Lewis Neal Stevenson book called Cryptonomicon and Mr. Hyde.
The strange case of Dr. Cryptonomicon and Mr. Hyde in it.
Out of the blue, suddenly I found myself reading.
It was such a great.
I don't have it with me.
I would be tempted to read it on the air.
It was such a great description of Captain Crunch.
Can you paraphrase at least?
Well, this particular character was the odd one.
He was the opposite of me.
He liked to eat his Captain Crunch instantly when the milk met it so that the milk didn't have a chance to soften the lacerating nature of that hard sugar that coats each Captain Crunch pillow-shaped nodule.
This is a reckoning of value?
Yeah.
I personally liked back when I was into this sort of cereal before bedtime.
I would fill a bowl full of cereal.
I would fill a bowl to the top of Captain Crunch or even higher.
Then I'd put my hand on it and mush it down.
Then I'd hold my hand on it while I poured milk in so that it couldn't float away.
So that it would all turn into a kind of a bowl of sugar mush.
Sugar corn milk mush that didn't lacerate my tongue as much as fresh Captain Crunch.
Oh, and how he adored his Captain Crunch mush.
Yeah, my doctor told me not to.
So what you're saying is essentially this is more interesting than the sound of a buzzing
popping crackling fizzling sound.
I was trying to get, yeah.
You're talking about Captain Crunch now lacerating the insides of your mouth and your gums and stuff.
Because you liked that as a child.
Isn't this some kind of product liability lawsuit waiting to happen?
But what a digression though.
Think of it in legal terms when you're trying to prove your case, man.
Well, you know how they're able to get away with it is it's a product of the Quaker Oats company.
And they have that Quaker guy on there and it's like, aw, how could anybody be mad at him?
Yeah.
And then you think of what the hell is he sitting on to make him smile like that?
You don't want to know.
Neil Stephenson's description of Captain Crunch.
Which is forbidden.
I didn't recognize that he was talking about a cereal box, but he said this brick-shaped box had a naval officer on it who looked happy and yet strangely hauntingly sad.
And you know what's even worse is the markings on his uniform would indicate that he was a soldier.

And it would indicate that he's not a captain.
Right.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it's like some lesser rank.
I don't read Braille.
So I don't know.
I didn't know what his rank was.
I just heard this in the news a few years ago.
I should ask my dad.
He's a Navy.
Well, there is a morph.
He is a captain.
Yes, he would know.
Captain Crunch and the Quaker Oats guy.
And that's kind of like crept into everyone's subconscious.
Well, and then there was Captain Crunch the phone hacker, the famous hacker.
Who?
Oh, my God, can you believe it?
Figured out how to make phone calls, long-distance phone calls for free.
Oh, what a hacker.
Oh, he's going to destroy the world with the, he'll set off all the nuclear weapons.
Once upon a time, that was something.
Yeah.
Right, exactly.
At that time, that was, oh, God, the world's going to end.
Some guy was able to, he could whistle, put a certain whistle tone that would make the call free, I think.
It was that simple.
It's not just as simple as whistling because the tones on the touch tone thing are not simple.
They're single tones.
They're chords.
Very dissonant chords, but chords.
Right.
So you have to be able to hum at one frequency and whistle at a different frequency at the same time.
Ah, that's tricky.
You have to make your mouth really, really weird.
My daughter, Civet, was able to do that.
She was able to send fax.
She couldn't receive a fax, obviously, but she could send a fax using her mouth.
She could call a fax machine.
They go .
You ever figured that out?
It would spell out her name or something.
Yeah.
It would be an image or something you could recognize.
That was her superpower.
I have a hard time believing that, and yet I believe it.
Well, you know, when I was a kid, I figured out how to play all kinds of different songs on the phone keypad.
Oh, there are CDs, yeah.
Until my parents opened their phone bill one month and had a little talk with me.
You know, honest to God, the best version of Jocko Homo I've ever heard is one that was done on a telephone.
It just sounded perfect that way.
I can well imagine.
It was so Devo.
It was more Devo than Devo.
It was more Devo than little Theodore.
That's way more Devo than Devo.
That is.
Rebels against 1980s technology.
And now, look at them now.
Where are they now?
They're kings of science and modern anatomy.
Some of them don't even have any physical body parts right now.
Or I mean that they're sharing with others, if they could.
How about a little necrophilia?
That's the only one I remember.
Yeah, that reminded me.
Necrophilia reminded me of what I was going to ask Stan in the first part.
My lovers don't complain.
What happens to the ones who aren't dead on X day, aren't in the vessels, and who furthermore are just wounded?
Well, they get to stay behind on the devastated earth or what's left of it as long as they can hang in there.
Right.
What if their wounds are mostly emotional and spiritual rather than physical?
We don't care what happens to anybody who didn't buy a subgenius membership.
Not that I can go into any detail about that on a public supported station.
Thank you, taxpayers.
It's not taxpayer funding.
It's not.
Yeah, that's true.
Right.
That's true.
The nature of our reasons.
You have to remember to say that three times.
Right.
It's not taxpayer.
So nobody's paying us.
Nobody cares.
That's the truth.
That's right.
You know, I was working for free before it was cool.
Where?
That's not very cool, man.
Right here.
Here.
Oh, yeah, of course.
There.
Dave and I were working here for free before you were even born, Dr. Sinister.
I know.
That's not when he was born.
It was when he was a mere toddler.
And he had his own vegetable garden.
You remember, don't you, Dr. Sinister?













Actually, I was told that my parents found me underneath a leaf in their cabbage patch.
Did they really?
Yeah, that's when I was going after.
No, not really.
They actually told me because, like, my little sister came along when I was, like, shortly
after my third birthday.
And my parents explained the sperm and the egg to me.
They just didn't explain how they got in touch with each other.
Right.
Yeah, they always leave the really good part out.
Maybe there's something like that.
It's left your imagination, and you come up with a new idea.








I was kind of afraid that maybe bees were stinging my parents in their sleep because
bees will pollinate flowers.
Bees and birds.
Maybe they'll put one in mine.
You know, a lot of people don't, younger kids, don't know that you have to be a female to
have a child.
They don't teach that.
It's against the law to teach that kind of thing now.
At least in Kansas, Texas, Florida, a bunch of those places.
Yeah, the same place where they get alligators.
Southern Ohio.
Yeah.
They get alligators.
They're in the alligator meet.
And they're in all that weird, you know, the spontaneous dances and everything.
And some of them wear like those goofy headbands.
Well, Dr. Sinister, I guess you'll find out when you do your show later on whether
this roughage we hear on the phone is from Dave or from us.
Speaking of which, we have to take out of here.
Goodness gracious.
It's only about three minutes left, and I have a three-minute Devo song called
Fountain.
Fountain of Filth.
That can't be a coincidence.
Right.
It's not.
Of course it's not.
Are you kidding?
I actually, unlike you, Dr. Sinister, I actually plan these shows.
Every word uttered has to pass a board of censors.
And boy, are they bored.
They are bored as hell.
So Dave, I'm going to have to sign you off.
And then you'll know if your spasm is still working.
Because then you'll have the, you know, the...
You'll know the right material to work with.
That's true.
Why don't I just drop you right now, and we'll see what happens.
Don't drop Dave.
Usually I fade him out like this.
Yeah, that's so sad.
But then I drop...
He won't drop if he doesn't look down.
I don't hear anything.
Listen.
Well, we still don't know whether it was Dave or Line 1.
It could be Line 1.
It could be.
It could just be a bunch of line.
Now, oh, shucks, said Stan.
Oh, no.
I take that back.
I don't mean shucks.
I mean this.
There it was.
Just like old faithful.
The eternal fountain of filth.
And like old faithful, I'm going to have to say it again.
Oh, no.
I take that back.






I took a walk straight out of town
With hands up and took my time for pleasure
I was alone, I looked around
I heard a voice so I buckled up for safety
I saw myself there on the ground
A pool of sound that showed my own reflection
In a fountain of filth
It was a fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
I tried to run, I couldn't move
Throated stiff while the thoughts of men fed me
Out of my head, the fountain shot
Drowned me in a serum that I couldn't put a stop to
It was me, myself and I
Locked in a struggle with the talking
And below me
I had a hunger to make me do things
I had a hunger to make me say things
I had a hunger to make me want things
I'm just a victim of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
And now I'll be safe
From the power of
From the reach of
From the appeal of
Eternal fountain of filth
From the reach of
From the appeal of
Eternal fountain of filth
I got a hunger to make me do things
I got a hunger to make me say things
I got a hunger to make me want things
I'm just a victim of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
And now I'll be safe
From the power of
From the reach of
From the appeal of
Eternal fountain of filth
From the reach of
From the reach of
The very zit of



Eternal fountain of filth
I had a hunger to make me do things
I had a hunger to make me say things
I had a hunger to make me want things
I'm just a victim of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
Eternal fountain of filth
I'm just a victim of guilt
I got a hunger that makes me do things
I got a hunger to make me say things
I got a hunger to make me want things
I'm just a victim of guilt
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that slack back to rebound
and want some of that slack back to rebound
to you, you should go to subgenius.com
front page or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference
even if it's only once a month
from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box 181 417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
a thanks for anything you can do
a help let dare be slack
