Okay, I'm going now to shift from being the big boss of this area on stage over to there
where the fake hour of slack will begin.
This area is equally important as that area.
Yes, and welcome, Ivan Stang, to this particular area.
I'm Dr. Howland Owl, and I'm ready to assist as long as it is within my poor power to do so
to carry these important ceremonial and symbolic functions forward.
In the way which we have sanctified by frequent unremitting use.
That's right, friends. It's not like this is the first time that we have sat waiting for the saucers.
We've had a lot of practice with this.
They're coming from a long way away, it must be remembered, by any standard of measurement.
They have a long, long parabola to travel.
Yes.
It could be that we've been doing something wrong.
It could be that there hasn't been enough of something to make it worth their trip.
Now, obviously, we have enough subgeniuses.
There's at least 50 of them signed up already for this festival.
There's compression and compaction.
It's possible to accommodate many more.
Remember, one subgenius is worth 100 pings.
So it's as if we had 500 people here right now.
If they were people, yeah, people, sure.
And I trust everyone who is gathered at this assembly point is ready, physically and spiritually,
to board the escape vessels.
And financially ready.
We assume that you all have your membership card in your pocket.
Now, I talked to one young lady who said she didn't have her membership card, had no proof.
But I asked her, where is your?
You've got to have a scar.

And sure enough, on her ankle, and I remembered seeing it before when she was ritually initiated,
a little penguin drawn originally by either Paul Mavridis or Dr. Howell here next to me,
I can't remember, etched onto her leg.
So I know she's ready for the saucers.
I've spent my 30 bucks.
In 1997, in fact, I bought my membership from the Subgenius Foundation.
And I didn't even have to invest.
I endorsed the check myself.
Those were the days.
I've got that card in my pocket, friends.
Because I don't, but we don't want to be rising up, possibly tearing through the wood of this pavilion
if we're not wise and move outdoors.
I don't want to watch, I don't want to have to look down and see a subgenius or two down here with tears rolling down their face going,
but why?
Why?
I spent my $30.
Oh, yeah.

Well, it was Canadian, $4 if it was Canadian money.
Uh-uh.
That won't do it, friends.
You're left behind.
Just like in those Christian, those abysmally terrible Christian movies.
How curious that they should want U.S. dollars when even the Canadian loonie has eclipsed
the U.S. dollar in value.
It doesn't matter.
It says dollars in the scriptures.
Exactly.
That means dollars.
That means...
They want dollars.
American dollars, not Australian dollars, not more, I think, more pork dollars.
They want that molecular structure, that greasy paper handled by the sweat of desperation
of countless hands of pinks permeated with all sorts of unfulfilled desires and percolating
with strangeness and yearning.
They don't want some suave foreign country's more valuable money.
Although they will accept credit cards.
Yeah.
Well, there is that because the yearning and desperation are far greater in the emanation
and the aura there.
But the dollar is a primordial thing.
They claim that they'll never change the dollar, even as they're going to refit and refigure
all U.S. money for the blind, or pardon me, the differently sighted, the dollar will be
left alone.
So that...
Yeah.
Whatever they feel, it'll still be a dollar.
Everything else, well, you won't recognize it at all.
From PR News in Washington.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm still down slightly.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice predicts the downward trend will continue.
I anticipate continuous decline well into middle of 2009.
President Bush is the focus of PR's hearings today.
Today's hearing is on President Bush.
But John Conyers reeks of PR news in a formal setting.
It's no secret that this is sexy and this is sex.
Externs can be botched.
The Boeing 747 had 20,000 feet.
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama left a gaping hole in the fuselage.
Near one of the wings.
Some of the 346 passengers dropped down.
On Wall Street 7-11-3-6-8-2-8-2.
The president's office is now closed.


This is PR News.
A computer science professor is in Colorado today.
PR News in Melbourne.
PR News in Pittsburgh.
And in Washington.
This is PR News.
PR comes from PR.
PR News.
Now another thing that the exes require is the spirit.
Maybe, maybe we had enough people, we had enough money, but we didn't have enough spirit.
They flew by and they looked down and they said, well, they're just standing around.
I don't see a single, I don't see a single group orgy in the field all copulating.
They must be too shy or ugly or something.
And friends, we understand.
Yes, it's true.
Most of us are too shy.
I myself have never copulated in that field in a big orgy, although I will, I have many
times had to step over humping bodies in this very campground.
Grass stained.
Grass stained.
That's another thing that the aliens want to see.
We call them aliens, but really they were around before us.
We're the aliens.
They need good breeding stock.
To them, maybe we're the monsters.
The children of the gods came down among the people.
The Nephilim.
Yes.
And they found some of the human women.
They saw the daughters of the gods.
They saw the daughters of man and took them onto them as wives.
And lo, the earth was filled with these.
And Jehovah One was most displeased because of the adulteration of the gene pool.
And also because of the population problems, which automatically accrue when one lives
600, 700, 900 years.
Which was a result of the...
The Nephilim human breeding problem.
There were giants in the earth in those days, friends.
The sons of Anak, in whose sight we were as grasshoppers.
And not very big grasshoppers either.
But today, today these giants, these gods are called by the name of an animal.
They're called silly names like Bigfoot, Sasquatch, Abominable Snowflake.
Snowflake.
The king of the snowman.
Just belittling them.
But it's never the superior who belittles the inferior.
It's never the superior who says to the inferior, I'm just as good as you.
No, that always goes upward.
And we aspire to fill those enormous shoes of those gigantic prehistoric progenitors.
But aspire in vain.
Our foot size, like the size of our spirit, will not keep them.


Never expand enough to fill those castoffs until we are truly filled with the spirit of Bob.
You have to be Bigfoot in your spirit.
You have to be Bigfoot in your heart.
You have to be Bigfoot in your groin.
Or in some cases, we do have some big heads here.
That's true. Not swelled heads, but naturally large heads.
Large, almost inhumanly large craniums, making one a bit top-heavy.
I wouldn't want to brag myself. I only have a mere size 8 3⁄4 hat size.
That's pretty good, actually.
There are greater ones here, bigger bosses of the cranial area, perhaps.
I don't know. I think we maybe should have...
We could have a measurement contest.
That's right.
When two boys are fighting, the girls say, well, maybe we ought to get a ruler.
We could make helmets for everyone.
But we need a tape measure.
Slack helms.
Now, see, DJ Shaver is pointing to Reverend Skull, who has quite a large skull.
They don't call him that for nothing.
But the size of the skull is not necessarily correlating to the intelligence of the brain.
Yes, that's what I would say.
And besides that, whoever gave a...
I'm not a hoot about intelligence in the Church of the Subgenius.
The fact is, Reverend Richard Skull does have a large head, but he has, like the Pachycephalosaurus,
it's actually hollow and is used for mating purposes.
He slams his head against the other big heads.
Not hollow, but solid bone is what I think you meant to say.
Well, no, in his case it resonates.
It's for the gray matter within.
The precious jelly.
So it could be that what the exes want to see when they hover over brushwood is a bunch
of large men butting each other in the head like mountain goats.
This is suppositional, theoretical.
We might try that this year.
We don't know.
And you can't force us old-timey subgeniuses to come up with these new ideas and experiments to try.
It's up to you folks.
We're hundreds of years old.
I would try it, but these nosebleeds I have keep me on my back.
Otherwise, I'd be out there smashing my head with the rest of you loyalists.
That's right, but they need us here.
This program is presented by the Centers for Disease People.
The good news is, old age still has its downside.
Reflexes slow, eyesight fades, and we lose that spring in our step.
According to a recent study,
if necessary, eliminate people over the age of 65.
So let's gird our loins for the struggle which lies ahead.
For we must be not simple passengers, sheep-like, bleating would-be travelers,
inching and bumbling our way up the landing ramps,
but striding up like mighty men of old.
You better get that.
And...
In doing so, all our new found friends, the exists,
with the strength and might of our purpose and resolve.
And if so, we'll be rewarded as seen on these screens.
Look, even Hitler has been resurrected and made good.
Things are supposed to be in 3D.
Hitler's Hitler.
And all your pornography will be in 3D.
If you but have faith in not only 3D,
but it'll be...
It'll be real.
You'll be in feel-o-vision.
Because you'll be really feeling that squamous alien sex monster
and thinking she's a beautiful sex goddess.
Ah, yes.
I wake up that way every morning because I'm married to one of them.
As long as I keep my eyes closed when lightning strikes.
There's a psychological aspect to it.
What you think is so essentially is so.
Beyond this, we're not going to go.
So, any objective...
Any objective eyes, if there were any left at that time,
might think these pleasure saucer sex goddesses
were some unthinkably horrible organism.
But fortunately, they send powerful chemical signals,
which will make your union with them as ecstatic as it is possible to be,
given the limitations of protoplasm and this physical universe.
The married subgeniuses here are going to have to have,
open minds when that day comes.
But see, that's the point of it.
Your mind will be laid bare.
Everything, everything ever hidden will be revealed.
And so, you better be ready for some embarrassments, friends.
Jack T. Chick isn't entirely wrong.
That's right.
The prophet Jack T. Chick, although he got a few details wrong,
such as the name of the aliens,
was right.
There are recording angels.
But that part where everything you ever did,
or thought, will be shown on a giant wide screen,
in full detail, in color, and sense around,
and dynorama, the new miracle of the screen.
All will be shown, and nothing will be hidden.
And there will be plenty of time for each and every sapient being
to muse on your every momentary decision.
Because these are indicators of what is left
after the fleshly,
envelope is boiled down,
vaporized, and whisked away into the void.
What is left is either worthy of taking on as super cargo,
or taken on, but as fuel.
Friends, do you want to be a co-pilot on that alien vessel?
Or do you want to be the equivalent of the peanut butter
that's spread on the little crackers they give to the passengers in the port,
screaming in the Corona love zone?
At such moments are there plenty of BC the
Safe Portugal Pertinen who fly within our JC wind.
Getậ�Ld attended on their journey to the star bird.
You took'll flight for allının errado acontecendo wioned the
previous message rainbow moon so many times.
As see,
spirits having been lightened and made hardly a burden on the infrastructure of the beyond.
You sure do talk purdy, Dr. Howe.
Well, it all comes out of the ancient records, the ancient subgenius records,
consulted by Dr. Philo Drummond in bygone days,
and elaborated on by saints and sages, Nenslow, other names,
too many names to mention and throw into the catalog,
but all these straining, mighty intellects are there to make sense of the living vortex of slack,
which has its one point of generation in the glowing pipe of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And you know, the nice thing about subgenius is we really have to strain that intellect.
We have to work hard to...
to stop thinking.
Not just elbow grease.
Bob doesn't cogitate and wisely decide what he's going to do next.
He just up and does it.
Whatever he wants to happen happens by chance to be what was going to happen anyway.
But that's not true for you and me.
There's an element of skill that comes into it.
Surfing the luck plane, it's like any kind of surfing.
You just don't stand on the surfboard and be expected...
to be carried safe to shore, past the teeth of the sharks and whatnot.
You have to do some instinctive manipulation of this surfboard with your feet.
And on a far less crude level, as a subgenius,
you have to develop the instincts to make it possible for you to surf the luck plane as would Bob.
And Bob's got wood.
Plenty of it.
For you, my friend.
Varnished, lacquered, inlaid, and outlaid.
Presenting Superman!
Look! It's Superman!
And now, the dark sinister figure we have come to know as Superman.
Operator?
Hello, Operator.
Is there a garage in town where I can rent a car?
No, I've got a little surprise for you.
Surprise?
That's right.
Ah, gee, thanks.
Bye.
Wait! Wait!
Meanwhile, Superman walks the Earth.
So have you, don't you remember?
Say, that's right.
Don't you remember?
Remember what?
Meanwhile, less than an hour to go.
When?
Right now, buddy.
Good!
And meanwhile, Superman barricaded in the dining hall, the hiding place of Superman.
Lois!
Here.
Lois, where are you?
Lois is safe and unharmed.
Is she in the clutches of Superman?
No.
If we look at our schedule, which is etched in stone...
I was just doing so.
It was originally etched in stone.
Like the laws of the Medes and the Persians.
And then was later...
And there goes Motormac on his appointed rounds.
Something has happened in the motorcade route.
Love and cheer throughout the camp.
The...
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we're right.
It said 1 o'clock, registration opens at stage.
2 o'clock, live hours of slack.
That was...
That we were on schedule.
We didn't actually start talking until 2.30.
But it was a slack-filled hour just the same.
Right.
That was our slack.
Our hour of slack.
Yes.
Why?
Do we have to specify whose hour of slack it is?
So people understand.
They think that hour of slack means slack for everybody else.
No, it's our slack.
They have to nail down every niggling detail.
They should be able to understand.
Anyway, since no one is paying attention, let's continue with our broadcast.
Right.
Time control.
Time control is...
Always important.
...is always an issue.
It's something we strive for.
If you'll notice, just in the last two minutes, the schedule went ahead in time an hour and
then went back in time an hour.
It dropped back through a time evacuation.
I'm sorry, I didn't know there was a time preparation.
predict maybe if you can if you do believe there is ...
Think that I am likely to be the leader in the 50th year.
What a cut!
No.

Be wannaei.
Know cli flipped about showing us to see more footage on YouTube here.
You see it's the phenomenon of momentum.
A beautiful可能 michzego-
... spending a lot of energy trying to put the population in poem on the sign.

No, look atounce.
Can't even see what I'm...
Just really, that's a good start a straight forward-ellschaft direction in it.




Let's take a look at the book.

No.
impediments to time control, but the engines which drive them.
It is your very will
which will remind you to turn on
your background music. Yes, the triumph of the will
of Dobbs.
Always put one in the brain.
The subgenius power of
work.
So, many things are on the docket
today, and of course we're going to spend some time
talking about ancient mummification and burial
practices, but the schedule is flexible.
We can lift that body of text, move it over
somewhere else, cut and paste, and start discussing flower
arranging or whatever else seems to be appropriate
to the moment. I was really looking forward to the
mummification instruction. That's personal to me.
The younger folks may not be that interested, but
time sneaks up on you. You're young and full of life,
the sap of life is still growing, but when you are old
and starting to approach the threshold of mummification,
the subject may be more of interest.
So, the first prerequisite for creating a mummy,
which will be, as they say, a lasting parcel of your
composition, is to dry out the flesh.
No more must it be filled with these youthful lipids
and soft fats.
And squashy flesh. No, you have to become tanned,
hard, and as dry as desert leather. Inside and out.
And contrary to what the conspiracy pink scientist
will tell you, you don't have to be dead to be mummified
in Bob. That's right.
You don't have to have all of your organs removed either,
just certain sloppy ones.
Pinks are actually mummifying themselves without even
understanding it. For example, long, prolonged, frequent
indulgence in tobacco actually mummifies the tissues.
Takes the water out, turns the skin to leather,
and calcifies the internal arrangements.
This has been shown. And it dries up those fluids,
which would otherwise be wet and moist.
The Native Americans, who used tobacco first,
knew this well and actually used the tobacco leaf
in the tanning and curing process.
But if you've ever seen the face of an old smoker,
and seen those cavernous etched lines, and observed
the leathery appearance of the skin, you will see
that its advance in mummification is unparalleled.
Iguanas, we call them, in the tanning industry.
There are other agents of mummification, however.
Moisture is to be avoided, dryness and heat embraced.
And of course, an appropriate resting spot, a sepulture,
a sarcophagus, or what have you, needs to be arranged
before you even think of getting your slaves to start
constructing your pyramid, the subject of a later lecture.
Now, friends, when you do this, you're going to have to do it in a different way.
If you do go for your mummification and your pyramid building,
please don't forget the tanna leaves.
They're expensive, but you can't, that's the one place you mustn't skimp.
Only one during the moon of the jackal will keep the heart beating.
But nine will turn you into an engine of vengeance
for those who will defile the tomb of Queen Connie.
Yeah, but, you know, since we're throwing this open,
there are two ways of becoming a living, shambling mummy.
And the tanna leaves are important for keeping the mummy active
once set in motion, but a far more powerful and superior one
is simply the scroll of Thoth.
Remember, with that, you don't need tanna leaves at all.
And it's most undignified if you happen to drive it,

and you drop the vessel with the derived fluid of the tanna leaves
to see your terrifying, reanimated mummy suddenly drop down
on its withered hands and knees and start trying to slurp it up
with its tongueless mouth in desperation.
This is an embarrassment that you want to avoid, if possible.
Now, friends, if you can't afford the tanna leaves and the sarcophagi and all that,
you just go down to Doc Fropp's camp and mooch some fropp off of him,
and pretty soon you will be dead.
You will be as if mummified.
You will sit down in one place, staring and stiffening, slowly stiffening.
You will zone out for eternity.
You will look down the long corridor of time,
and perhaps in your fancy you will even see something at the end.
But this can't be done in the hurly-burly and hugger-mugger of everyday life.
It takes a moment of contemplation and actively seeking slack.
This ain't just common street marijuana we're talking about.
Fropp is sometimes used as a euphemism for marijuana by kids and rappers and the like.
Yes, it's in the movie Grass, if you've seen the movie Grass.
We're talking about the original plant called the scientific name Havafropzipulops marifasa lupina,
which is not at all related to cannabis in the slightest.
For one thing, it doesn't wear off. The inebriation doesn't go away.
It looks more like a branch than the lanceolate serrate leaves which characterize cannabis.
But if you've ever seen the movie Werewolf of London, you get a pretty good glimpse at this plant.
The conspiracy pretty much spelled out the truth about Fropp in that movie.
In all monster movies, there's a living fountain of wisdom,
because this is exactly where stodgy bozos will never look for it.
That's right.
It is where the exceptional will look for their inspiration and find it.
You can hide the secret right out in the open if you use a monster movie to put your secret in.
Now let's just talk for a moment, since we've introduced the subject,
about that movie Werewolf of London starring Henry Hull and I'm afraid Spring Byington.
Every time she comes into the movie, it grinds to a stop.
They have to have that fluttery social dowager come in for a second.
For some reason.
But avoiding her, Henry Hull does a good job as being the tormented titular werewolf.
But he got his Fropp from Dr. Yogami.
Dr. Yogami picked his Fropp in Tibet, right?
This is what we're told.
So why in the background of that scene do we see the Vasquez rocks?
Because, Dr. Hull, the Vasquez rocks served as the...
The actual setting.
Exactly.
And that's where the Fropp was growing right there in California, right outside of Los Angeles.
It's close enough to X-Day.
We can tell you this.
You don't have to go to Tibet at all.
It's Tibet, in quotes, Tibet as in this monster movie.
But actually this is in the USA, in the great state of California,
in those rocks that have been in the background of Star Trek episodes,
of Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure,
of Westerns,
of...
Marco Polo starring Tyrone Power,
and Werewolf of London.
The monsters and the Fropp aren't necessarily in Tibet.
The Yetis don't have to be in the Himalayas.
The Yetis are right here at this campground, Brushwood Campground.
The Fropp is right here.
It's growing right in front of you.
You are floating in a sea of pills.
But you're just...
Your tongue is too numb to taste them.
And your eyes too filmed by frequent miracles.
I see that.
You're just having an addiction to marijuana and alcohol use.
People come to us and they go,
I paid my $30!
Where's the slack?
My God, man!
You had the slack all along!
You paid the $30 for us to go...
You idiot!
You're standing in it!
It's filling you up.
It's filling your head.
No...
You just have to shut off the...
the...
the distractions,
Distractions, the silly distractions from the conspiracy.
Poor Ivan is so agitated.
Your own interest, or as Dr. Howell might put it, your own genius.
We cannot pull all the fellow travelers into the spacecraft behind us and then screw the portal closed.
They must follow of their own volition.
And it saddens me personally as one who has known Ivan Stang for many years.
We hear the anguish in his voice as he tries to impart these simple precepts to those who believe themselves so well informed that they will not listen.
There will be a time for snarkiness, for guffawing at the pathetic action of the left behinders as they writhe in a hell of their own making.
But not now. Now we need to pull together as one.
To make sure that sitting well in order, we smite the sounding furrows.
For our purpose holds to fly beyond the sunset and the baths of all the western stars.
Slack is the simplest thing in the world.
You don't have to memorize endless tracks of subgenius books.
You only have to buy them.
The slack is the same yet.
Here we find ourselves having to beat the slack into the bobbies.
We come upon the bobbies going,
Oh, I'm doing everything you said, Reverend Stang.
I've chanted Bob Slack, Bob Slack 500 times before I went to bed.
I masturbated every hour on the hour.
I took a picture of Connie.
And then I turned and looked at Bob just when I reached the moment of climax.
Just like you said, I did everything just like you doctors did.
And that's when we have to kick them down and beat them and thrash them.
And literally tie them up and slowly torture them.
And torture them for hours.
Because only when we stop do they finally understand how much slack they already have.
It feels so good when we stop.
I hate having to work so hard at it.
That's where the slack initially starts to come from.
We haven't even spotted a wetback trail.
Yeah.
I've been hunting wetbacks for two months.
Who are you, senor?
Narcotic smuggling.
Might be.
Senor?
What do you want?
What do you got?
Bud.
Fine, that'll do.
Bob?
I'll buy that.
How about you?
We need one badly.
Yeah?
Good.
You got the package?
See, right here.
20 ounces.
Here's your money.
200 an ounce.
It's not cheap.
$4,000.
Oh, gracias.
It's expensive.
Look.
Mmm, brown.
Oh, no.
Take it easy, man.
Take it easy.
You'd think he'd take better care of it.
It's all right.
Marijuana?
Man who smokes that stuff could turn cold.
We'll fill her in a minute.
We'll see if we can get you some later on.
Not for me, but I beg for my kid.
What are we waiting for?
Come on.
You hit him, senor?
Yeah.
Looks like I didn't hit him good enough.
You mean we gotta sit here and let a hophead get away with murder?
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
How about them?
They're both dead.
Looks like that.
Oh, they're all dead.

Mayor Scott Powell hands back the power.
Mayor Scott Powell turns it Gorsiclesworth Thank you, Mayor Scott.
You know, back in the day I had a biology teacher who used to tell all the
students sitting there, you know, you gotta read those biology textbooks, men.
That knowledge isn't just going to os nouveaux into you.
You gotta do your homework.
Well, for biology for Americans, that might be true, but with the book of the subgenius
and all its offsprings, that knowledge will osmos from those books into your head.
You don't have to read them, although it helps.
All you have to do is buy them.
That's right. And sleep on it.
Put it under your pillow and go to sleep.
You don't even have to sleep.
You'll have the most amazing technicolor dream.
You can just keep it in your bathroom.
And you don't even have to read it.
You can use it for toilet paper.
Bob doesn't care. He's not a proud god.
He's not a vain god.
He's not like so many of these gods who demand that you gaze upon no other image of any other god.
He's a short-duration personal savior.
He knows that you're going to get tired of him after a while.
He knows that you care more about that naked porno star in that movie than you care about him sometimes.
Those other gods just want to make sure you're paying attention.
But...
But, uh, J.R. Bob Doves doesn't even care whether you're paying attention or not.
He doesn't care if you live or die.
You can't imagine how little that man cares about you.
Caring? That's not what Bob is about.
He's not breathing down your neck.
He don't care if you're a good subgenius or a bad subgenius.
He only cares if you're a paying subgenius.
And this makes him the fairest god.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...

Uh...


Uh...

Uh...
The justice in this world is when you can measure what's good and what's bad.
But you have to draw the line somewhere.
There has to be a place to zero your meter.
Well, that meter happens to be best zeroed in that zero between those two Bs.
Between the twin poles of pleasure and pain.
Right in the center of that O in Bob.
That is where you could...
To the left, it's good.
Towards the one B.
To the right, it's evil.
or whatever, mirror, depending on stage right or stage left.
But here's the important thing.
On the good side, it's still a B.
On the evil side, it's another B.
What does this tell you?
I don't know. I can't interpret it.
I'm not Bob.
But yet he laid it out.
He put it right there in front of us.
What are we to do but to take his word literally?
You don't have to interpret it.
You don't have to go to a priest.
And say, what does Bob mean by this chapter here where it says, repent, quit your job, and slack off?
Surely he doesn't mean I'm literally supposed to quit my job.
Yes, he does mean that, my friend.
He wants you to repent.
That means repent of your silliness and anti-slack.
And being concerned about foolish things like your health or your family or your love life, your sex life, anything like that.
And slack off.
Just quit worrying.
And you have to quit your job because that implies two things.
First, that you had a job to begin with, which you must have in order to give Bob money.
If you happen to be born rich, give him all your money because you didn't earn it.
And then get a job.
Get a job so that you can quit it.
So many of my dearly beloved subgeniuses live in their parents' basement.
And that's fine.
They're fine.
They're gobbling.
They're going to live a long life.
It said they could do that in the first pamphlet.
But what do they give to Bob?
This basement will provide a good shelter of four walls for the forthcoming blasts of the apocalypse also.
So them moving into their parents' basement is actually a progressive thing.
But I should add as a codicil, perhaps a warning, quit your job does not mean act so that you will be fired from your job.
No.
You must voluntarily disdain your job and leave.
Being fired by the boss does not count, unfortunately.
And, you know, here's the sad thing about it, friends.
The very worst thing that happens when you quit that job is you get a better job.
That's the worst thing that can happen.
A better job, which means you get a little extra.
A little extra to tithe, maybe.
We don't ask tithing.
We just ask buying.
We don't expect you to give us something for nothing.
We just intend for you to give us a lot of money for a very overpriced, cheap object.
That's very different.
It's not faith-based.
You don't earn slack through faith, but through works.
Now, of course, many people keep their works hidden away in a safe place for the police.
They can't get to them.
It's easy to be confused by the Christian iconography that everything is actually built on.
According to Christian theory, the sacrifice that Christ made on Golgotha, the Hill of Skulls, on the Mount of Cavalry,
that is the sacrifice which is all that is needed to take the elect into heaven, and works are irrelevant.
You can be an absolute.
You can be an absolute evil malfeasor and still be whisked into heaven
while a kindly old couple that built hospitals for lepers in Africa
is immediately thrown into the fiery hellhole right next to Hitler.
We have Jack Chick's works to show us that.
But with us, us meaning subgeniuses, there is no Calvary.
There is no Hill of Skulls.
There is no sacrifice by anyone, least of all,
by Bob, which will admit us into glory.
We must seek after it, find it, mount it, and assume it on our own.
And then the word subgenius will start to mean something.
Hey!
The subgenius.
Our boss.
What?
Oh no!
Good?
Oh, the poor Donny.
You make me sick.
All of you.
What are you trying to do?
I like the rock skulls.
Oh no.
Anyone else want his head bashed in dirt?
No!
Oh no.
How often have you been in the middle of something?

Like a petty transaction when suddenly you find you have to start talking about subgenius to some clueless clerk.
Well, you might not want to do it.
You might want to snap at the guy, bite his head off, just go on and buy your fifth of Lord Calvert or whatever,
without having to start explaining about Bob and the conspiracy.
Resist that impulse.
Start talking about Bob and the conspiracy.
He will be ever more anxious to sell you.
That fifth.
He will be ever more anxious to get rid of you and go on to the next customer in line.
By fleeing, you increase the entanglement.
By going forward, you eliminate it.
And the best way out of a bad situation is usually just to plow right through it.
Bob would do that and his critics would say it was because he was insensitive.
But that's not true.
Well, it is true that he's insensitive, but that's not the reason.
The reason is that he is supremely motivated.
And you must all be likewise.
I love thinking about the way Bob plows and mounts.
Yes, in the seed time, the time of growing things when the sap rises, Bob fecundates.
The entire earth becomes one enormous egg and then one huge zygote.
But unfortunately, the children engendered are somewhat like the monsters of that ancient period before the Olympian gods.
When Typhon, the lord of the many angled polygon, huge in snaky twine, and hundred armed Briareus, these enormous monsters contended with each other.
Just because they were born didn't mean they were good little kids.
Or think of the shark.
That interesting creature of the ocean.
You know, the mother shark gestates a number of little sharks in her womb.
But only one is born because they eat each other in the womb.
And only one fat shark is decanted from the birth process.
This program is presented by the Centers for Disease People.
This is an important message from the U.S. Department of Human Fire.
Look for signs that your appliances have gotten wet and throw them away.
To learn more, replace all gas breakers during a flood or fire.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in Afghanistan.
Congressional budget analysts say $25 billion.
A new study suggests that Viagra may help problems with some women.
72% of them reported better sexual function.

Placebo.
An accused war criminal from Bosnia may help some women who are suffering from sexual functioning.
On Wall Street 663.
Israeli officials say Barack Obama drove a construction vehicle into traffic today.
He hit vehicles and passers-by and injured at least 11 people before he was shot and killed by John McCain.
He's reiterating his view that U.S. troops need PR news.
PR comes from Saturn.
I look out upon this field.
A field of faces.
This huge crowd.
And I think how many, how many here, when they saw that monster movie, was there a single one here who was rooting for the humans to kill the monster?
I think not.
I think almost everyone here did the opposite of what they were meant to do.
And they went, oh great, the monster's destroying the town.
I hope he makes it to the next town to destroy that.
And at the end, of course, they're going to be like, oh, I'm going to kill the monster.
And of course, invariably, at the end of a Hollywood pink movie, the monster gets killed.
At the end of Independence Day, which Hollywood released on X-Day 1996, at the beginning of our first X-Days, who won?
The humans.
With some foolish computer code that any alien could see right through in a nanosecond.
They, they, they.
How likely is that?
An America online virus saved the humans from extinction.

Oh, yeah, according to Hollywood.
The one monster movie I've seen that shows hope is the Cloverfield monster.
Which at the end of which, you know that thing's not dead.
All that's left of New York is the code name Cloverfield.
Because there's no way else to truly describe the horror of what happened.
Yeah, they had to.
That was a movie that ended with hope.
The hope that every human died and that monsters inherited the earth.
Because are we not those monsters that they fear?
Well, we are.
Where are the monsters walking among them?
The movie's even more subtle than that, Stan.
Some of us, it's obvious, like Reverend Skull over there.
You can tell just by looking at him, he's one of the monsters.
Then there are others who are a little bit more subtle in their monstrosity, such as the big boss of this area, Reverend Back It On Up.
You'd never think that she was, aside from the gigantic cranium, you'd think she was a human being.
You'd hardly look twice at her.
Well, actually most people probably, a lot of guys do.
Yeah, speak for yourself.
Sneak a second look.
But let's not get bogged down in the doctrine here.
We were trying to address the hearts and minds and glands, really.
Forget the minds, they're pointless in this church.
But the glands.
The feeling of slack.
Because isn't that what it is?
It's a feeling.
A feeling that everything's right.
If you're a cigarette smoker, you can only get that feeling with another cigarette.
But if you're a cigarette smoker who's a subgenius, you got your cigarette and your Dobbs head.
Now what is that signal supposed to mean, Priestess Pisces?
Oh, time.
Time.
Control of four minds.
Four minutes to the auction.
Four minutes to the Bulldada auction.
Friends, the auction, the Bulldada auction.
Things have happened at that Bulldada auction that were beyond imagining.
One time a dollar bill was auctioned for how much was it, Motormax?
Two dollars!
This is the essence of the subgenius.
As has been said, a subgenius first waits for the miracle.
And then, if that doesn't happen, gets off his ass.
At the Bulldada auction, we've auctioned such things as the immortal souls of individuals.
Something you can't hold or feel or touch.
We've auctioned off people's honor.
We've auctioned off bits of memory, just as the exes sometimes snatch away little pieces of us.
Ex Day happens all the time, friends.
Every time you lose a hair.
It's gone up to the...
If you can't find it on your living room carpet, it's gone up to the sausage.
It's waiting for you.
It may take a long way to get to the saucers.
The hair has to follow you everywhere that you have gone before it finally reaches its ultimate destination.
If it were only possible to have the vision, then one could see...
If you were just sitting in the room of any house, you would see with this accelerated vision
that there were plants growing there that you knew not about.
Tiny jeweled lizards crawling among the plants where all you thought was wallpaper.
And every now and then flecks of skin or hair or even something like a severed leg might float in and bump about
and then gradually leave because those particles would be following the absent host.
But where the destination of those things all is,
is the Grand Saucer.
The mother ship.
All those...
The police in Canada keep wondering why those left feet keep washing up.
Or is it right feet?
Feet keep washing up on the Canadian shores.
Those feet are just trying...
They're subgenius feet trying to make it to the saucers a bit early.
Some of them are.
Yeah, those feet could be feet bitten off by sharks which sometimes bite off feet
and then spit them out.
But even so, they still are making their way one foot at a time, as it were, to the saucer portal.
You know, Dr. Howell, I don't know if you knew this, but we had...
I think it's right feet that have been washing up.
We've been getting people buying memberships using left feet in lieu of the $30.
And we're full up, friends. We don't need any more...
Feet.
We do need a left hand.
A hand to complete the experiment.
Left foot, right foot, any foot at all.
I see many of you volunteering, but we'd rather use a hand that's not being used.
Well, I think this now brings us to the end of our ranting section
and time for the beginning of the Bull Dada auction.
And this, of course, is one of many high points of X Day.
So we will start...
Good Lord, look at the modem...
...with a giant bin of swag,
bought by Modemac,
and just look at these incredible treasures in here.
I have a box. I'm going to get my box of Bull Dada for the auctioning.
I hope that we should get lots of folks coming up here.
Now, you know, when we say Bull Dada, that doesn't...
That can mean almost anything that's meaningless to the pinks.
But in subgenius vision, as Bob said, subgenius can see the future and the past in comics.

Comic books and wine bottles.
Last year, we auctioned off many, many things.
But you know something we could not sell and which ended up being left here Sunday as I drove away?
We left here on this stage a box of the complete works of L. Ron Hubbard.
Couldn't get rid of it. Couldn't give it away.
And yet, we have folk remedies of arthritis.
Arthritis sold for hundreds in cheesy paperback form.
Let that be a lesson to you, friends.
If you want to donate something to the church, no matter how seemingly pathetic and worthless it is,
it may be worth more than you can imagine to some fixated subgenius pervert
whose fetish happens to be that bazooka Joe bubblegum comic or whatnot.
My friend.
I wouldn't mind a couple of bazooka Joe bubbles.
Those things used to contain pearls of cosmic wisdom.
Or beforehand, though I don't expect anyone can go this far back in time,
does anyone remember the comics wrapped around bubblegum from the Frank H. Fleer Corporation featuring Pud?
Pud, a primeval subgenius?
As I thought. No one remembers Pud.
But the spirit of Pud...
No, you're thinking of Mort.
That guy with the shirt over his face was Mort.
He was Bazooka Joe's sidekick.
But Pud was a fat kid with a bow tie, a baseball cap, and a red striped jersey.
But let's stop bringing up the classics.
Maybe in the fullness of time, they will come to light like everything else.
I will now stand behind the podium and initiate the first phase.
The Bull Dada auction.
What's our bar?
What? Meanwhile, friends, the amino acids have arrived.
Their helicopter landed on the Northfield a little while ago.
I have seen them.
They are preparing to play.
However, we have an important movie we want to show you.
An educational film.
We can't let the amino acids play until everyone who has actually seen this film has...
You know, it's just a legal thing.
The health department insists on it.
Because here's the thing.
We know about the amino acids.
We know about the building blocks of life.
We know that they come from out of space.
But what we don't know is, are they all male?
Do they reproduce asexually?
Do they just bud?
Or are there perhaps amino acids?
Amino acids.
Female amino acids.
We have seen the amino acids.
They seem to be of what we would call, with our Earth bias, some sort of a male-looking creature.
Of course, that may, you know, from other worlds.
Who knows?
But we must speculate.
The amino acids.
Could they be the opposite?
Could they be all white with black faces in hand?
Yes.
Wow.
We...
I hope I never find out.
I hope I don't...
You know, it's a blessing that people die when they get to be about 80 or 100 years old, or 50 or so.
It really is.
Because, you know, there's some things that old folks aren't meant to see.
And everybody gets old.
And it's best not to have to watch the dumbassery of the next several generations.
And the horrors of species extinction.
That we'll all watch.
By the way, I'm not tripping, even though I'm addressing that issue.
In the meanwhile, I'm going to set up this amazing film.
Which you may...
Some of you may recognize people you know in this educational film.
Some of you may recognize, yes, even yourselves.
I know, but some may not.
I'm athletes who are still transferring
And people pain...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
