This portion of programming is brought to you by Bob's Steakhouse on the corner of Pursuit and Flushing in beautiful Stane, California.
Come on down to Bob's and get a mouthful of meat from the man himself.
If you'd like to make a reservation, please call 1-800-555-13013.
Most young people will continue through life as normal, responsible citizens.
Others, the shunted and unloved, the unguided, the seekers of thrills and kicks, are candidates for the slave world of lifelong...
How does it happen? Where does it start? What are the signs?
The pattern is generally the same.
Bob?
Take a look.
The lack of responsibility, the inability to make right choices, add to it ignorance and indifference, and top it off with a desire for escapism and kicks.
The sum total is then...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
This is the real action.
This is the test.
The time to separate the man from the boy.
Willpower, individuality, character are slipping down the drain.
In their place comes Bob.
Bob?
Don't be chicken.
Okay, this is the kind of thing I collect.
It is a set list.
It's Andrew the Impale's set list.
It's been bled on, came upon.
There's snot, boogers, everything gross on it, and footprints, of course.
And it's on the back of the...
puffing chamber and fermentation station,
do not flush flyer,
and someone cut the Dobbs head out of it.
These are the kinds of things I collect.
We'll be able to clone Andrew the Impaled again
from the body fluids stuck on this old piece of paper
from the subgenius stage.
That's why I collect these.
In case I want to torture a subgenius later,
I can resurrect his clone on the saucers
and get my rocks off.
Not that I can think of anybody specific,
but it's a good option to have.
Praise Bob.
Well, I guess since I'm standing here,
I might as well rant.
It's hard for me to rant about how fucked up everything is
because sort of like Dr. Leguim,
I am.

I actually got slack.
And that shouldn't seem ironic or weird or anything.
Of course I got slack.
I followed Bob's word.
I slacked off in his name.
My idea of slacking off is working
at things I like to do.
It doesn't really matter if it's for Bob
or one of my hobbies.
Like my game.
Monster Hunter.
Or my hobby of looking at my zoo of microorganisms.
Or my hobby of taking care of the yard and the house.
It's doing things that I wanted to do.
But that's what I call slack.
Now I understand,
or actually I don't understand,
that for many people,
slack really is doing nothing
or just watching.
And sometimes,
that's true for me too.
So I guess it takes all kinds.
My point is,
I suppose it must be possible to have a rant
that's not exactly completely pissed off
about how ruined and terrible your life is.
I'm lucky I don't have any disabilities.
I make just enough money to pay the mortgage.
And what else do you need?
I mean, come on.
This is the modern world.
We have to make money.
We have aspirin.
We have air conditioning.
We're richer than the richest motherfuckers that ever lived.
And yet we sit on our asses and whine about it.
Oh yeah, I guess I am pissed off about something.
I am.
I'm pissed off about people who do not count their blessings.
Because they're too fucking lazy to even bother to count.
They can't see what's right in front of their faces.
Which is the path around the next level.
The next corner.
Slack lies around the next corner.
I promise you it's true.
If you can just keep going around that next corner,
you will eventually get to the slack.
And I know that's true because I went through the trouble
of getting off my ass and going around the next corner.
It took a...
It was a few more steps than I might normally have taken.
And yet,
by golly,
it led to at least the last part of my life.
Hopefully the last three-fourths.
Or hopefully the infinite amount.
I'm hoping the next day happens.
Anyway,
my goddammit friends,
the world is not completely shitty.
There actually are some really cool things.
Like comic books,
monster movies,
girls,
boys.
Um...
Yeah, money too.
But really,
a subgenius can get slack
from looking at a handful of dirt.
If you know how to really look.
You'll see the slack in that handful of dirt.
Take my word for it,
it can be done.
And even if you are a slave to some job,
there's still lots of handfuls of dirt around.
Price Bob,
I thank you for coming to the show today.
Ah-hoo-ga!
Yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
www.amara.org

Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Everybody!
Yes, but particularly me!
Yeah!
And it is a great honor for me to introduce to you one of the newest reverends to the Church of the Subgenius,
Reverend Amy Mm-hmm!
Everyone, and that is M-M-H-M-M for those of you who are spelling disabled.
Mm-hmm.
And I brought Amy up to perform a couple of songs for you because it's fucking great slack.
It wasn't one thing
That set me free
Oh
Your voice has that ring
I had had enough
I had had enough
When you've had enough
You leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
When you've had enough
You leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
But to vampire yourself
They'll call you selfish
And whisper those lies
Ask how you doing
Tryna dig in your life
But you can dig in my life
Cause when you've had enough
You leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
When you've had enough
You leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
But to vent for yourself
I was told
You'd reach the point
I was told
That I'm having all the shit everyone else had
Oh, I had enough




I was cold to the touch when my heart broke in two
I don't blame you
But when you've had enough, you leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
When you've had enough, you leave, you love, you bleed
Yeah
When you've had enough, you leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left
When you've had enough, you leave, you love, you bleed
Till there's nothing left but to fend for yourself
Till there's nothing left but to fend for yourself
Don't tell us what we are.
No, I know what you are.
You know what you are.
I didn't have to.
I wasn't going to say anything.
No, that's it.
Oh, sweetie.
A package came for you.
I'm not sure.
Mensa?
Something about geniuses.
It's there for you on the kitchen table.
Did you have a good day at work?
And then...
I retreated to my room.
And I turned on all of the lights.
And I cleared off my desk.
And inside this peculiar padded envelope was a folder.
And inside that folder was everything I'd ever need.
Here's your pamphlets.
Here's your Xerox sheets.
Here's your first buttons.
Here's your membership card.
Just fill out your name.
And fill out the included card.
And submit it with a stamp.
That's right.
I paid $30.
And had to provide my own stamp.
To register myself.
As Reggie.
As Reverend Dr. Argus Quatteloup Fox.
Ph.D.
Of the Church of the Subgenius.
Hey, baby, I want to go up to X Day.
No.
No.

























It's up in Upstate New York.
I know you live in New Jersey.
I could come and get you.
And we could head up there.
Oh.
Sorry.
I didn't realize you were...
That insane.
Sorry to get your hopes up there.
But I'm not matching my wedding.


I'm not matching my wedding plates.
Based off of Crayola colors.
I refuse to believe that Robin's Egg Blue can ever be used as some sort of reference
point.
Hey, you.
You heard about Bob?
He's just this guy.














I've been talking about a lot.
He can show you some things.
Yeah, man.
Some things.
He can show you what's really going on.
Who's pulling those strings.
And they might be shorter.
I don't know.
So long as you think he's as good-looking than you expect.
What do you mean you never want to speak to me again?
All I was trying to do is say hello.
Yeah, I realize I juggled the shot glasses fine when I set them up there.
It fell off.
I juggled the shot glasses.
I didn't drop them while I was juggling them.
It was an accident.


accident I I put it up there I I know I'm sorry I'm sorry really I didn't mean
to break the shot glass I'll pay for it
give me another chance
I'm glad we went to dinner and made out in my car
I'm glad that you and I both hate this job
hey I want to show you a video
about Bob
now I understand if there are some
things here that you may not understand
or want to understand but the contents
of this videotape will show you
everything you need to know I've watched
it a hundred times
and several backwards
and
you also give a growl
I
By the power of J.R. Bob Dobbs, I invoke all of you within earshot to now rise.
Rise! Rise from your comfort, I demand it.
You, rise!
You, rise!
You, rise!
Rise!
You, rise!
You, come forward!
Come forward now in the name of Bob!
Rise and come forward!
Because I'm going to tell you the best part.
It's the best part.
So, what did you think of that video?
You liked it?
Well, you know I've been looking for someone to go to this little festival.
A private party.
Do you want to go?
No?

It's not too bad.
All we have to do is drive 18 hours one direction.
We'll pack Dr. Purge in the back seat.
And they say Papa Joe Mama needs a ride.
There's not enough room in the car.
But we'll make room.
We'll make room.
Zip-Zo Zip.
Hang on, last one of your tickets, you and your aluminum seat belt.






The head of the church of the sort.
The وأ Jesus just called me on my cell phone to tell me that he really appreciates me bringing up one of these old guys. I think this is going to go well.
pero casing in el mahach terminarade area after we set off to the chancela.
of weeaboos and bobbies. But I still purchased my copy of INWO subgenius.
Well he's calling me and I'm kind of excited because I've been talking about going here.
And their expecting me. I'm going to bring this projector. Maybe that'll impress them.
Holy shit! I survived x day... For the first time! And then the second time, And then the
third time.
I survived x day, For the first time, And then the second time, Ap Іşi � girdân şa atrás




V련ăce.
Chw entriesăți înă porã suma, Nue boundaries câtă jegin ană.
He said, well, if I got to come here every year for the rest of my life, I might as well tell him I mean it.
And that person, I told seven years ago, took my hand in marriage right here on this stage one year ago tomorrow.
I went from a guy who had never heard from Bob, who had never seen Bob, to crawling my way across slackless barrens of the conspiracy to be united in slack eternally with my father.
My true Getty mate.
By that asshole sitting right there.
So that's my entire life story when it comes to the church of the subgenius.
And yeah, I met Bob.
He's real.
Now, Tim.
I'll tell you about it later.
He's fucking my mother-in-law.
But I got an apartment just outside of downtown.
And I come home every day.
And I look at a big half-tone pattern of the eyes that will watch me.
Until I die.
And I'm gonna tell everyone.
That unless.
You get right with Bob.
You're never gonna know what it means to live.
Fucked peas.
Fucked peas.
Fucked peas.
Fucked peas.
Oh, my God.
My poor asshole.
That's just so hard.


His whole life trickled out the door.


What childrens like you have.


was nuts eh?
I think that's how it goes with me.
OK.
It's any better than when I started searching,
rasters like on the cout, Джayم miller than a bo Star Era 13 Mad Anger bt udah
siang at as if this back is the time since the Black Nothing it's an dusty internet ABC and Morty Crate
got you? Got any more good investment opportunities for me, animal?
Why, as a matter of fact, I do! Have you tried scrum.com?
I have, and my ISP has blocked it. I've been receiving all these threatening letters from their lawyers.
Scrum, scrum, scrum, scrum. It's yummy in your tummy and it's scrum. Everybody wants some scrum.
Remember that time we had scrum? Oh, that was a good time. That was such a good time.
Remind me again of the time when you had the scrum and... It was so good. It was so good.
Let's tell me how good it was again. It was so good that I paid for the gold membership so I could watch the scrum.
Have you ever thought about watching scrum as it's being produced?
There's no scrum like show scrum. Like no scrum that I know. Everything about it is appealing.
There's no scrum.
Scrum.
Scrum.
They say that falling in scrum is wonderful.
I love scrum.
It's wonderful.
I'm scrumming in the rain.
To hold a scrum in your arms is wonderful.
I'm scrumming in the rain.
I love scrum.
Get it? Cause it's funny. So it's a joke. Get it? Cause it's a joke. So it's funny.
If I scrum you tomorrow
Would you scrum for me today?
Well, I must be scrumming onwards.
There's a lot of scrums that I got to spray.
Play that song about that bird that shed the yoke of tyranny.
Okay.
There was a bird, he got out of his cage, he flew around, killed his owners in raids, said,
You won't put me in a cage, you piece of shit.
Fuck you!
See, I'm just all jacked up on scrum.
I'm bringing my A-game to X-Day episode 100.
Podcrust.
Number one.
Thorson Yard!
Thorson Yard!
100, 100, 100, 100, 100.
Brought to you by Doug.
X-Day special.
Brought to you by...
So for those of you who don't listen to Thorson Yard and Podcrust,
I'd like to introduce us all really quick, our personnel.
We've got Doug on mics.
Doug.
Hi, I'm Doug.
And our guest star, Doug!
Doug!
And don't forget Doug over here.
I am Doug.
He is so hot.
I am, uh...
And don't forget to give it up for Doug over here.
Doug, everybody!
Doug!
Thank you, Doug.
Thank you.
I tell you guys what.
I just flew in from not X-Day, and boy is my dick tired since helicopter.
Much like Thorson.
And it is just a very tiring form of...
Glam!
The Wisteria campground mysteriously overtaken by subhuman creatures.
Where?
There's a lot of large sticks around.
We can deal with them.
Are you ready?
Are you...
Are you...
Are you...
Doug, are you implying that the subgenius race is less than human instead of superior to human?
No, there's just a...
There is a high alert for subhuman creatures lurking in the vicinity.
That may be seeking out to destroy you and your loved ones.
I'm sorry, Doug, but I agree with Doug on this one.
That is horrible.
I was talking about Doug.
I'm sorry, Colin.
Oh, yeah.
There's a lot of Doug going around.
Perfect.
Please hold.
Thank you for holding.
Please hold.
Wait, wait.
Stop.
Stop!
You know me!
Thank you, you're so cold!
Oh boy, good boy!
I'm gonna get away with this one!
Not after the last time!
You know what I'm talking about!
The last time!
And tie with that here first!
You gotta keep out on the DL, son.
DL stands for?
DLC, Downloadable Content.
Back in my day, you'd buy a video game and you got the video game.
Now what's up? What's up with downloadable content, audience at home?
What's the deal with that?
Such a shame!
Back in my day, we didn't play online, let alone pay some...
Hider shame!
Jesus!
Back in my day, we played with sticks and beat each other senseless for hours and we called it for fun!
Pick your favorite style!
Oh! How about hip hop?
Hip hop!
What's that, Darth Vader?
Or non-copyright version of their own?
It's not owned by a multinational media monopoly.
Hip hop!
I prefer the sovereign nation monopoly, thank you very much.
Ah...
Yes, dear friends.
Well, that was our first, uh...
Playing on Hour of Slack of a group or a show or something called Thorazine Europe.
I think it's Thorazine Uren Podcrust.
And, uh, it is a podcast.
And you can, I think, look for their Facebook page, if you can remember the name.
Thorazine Uren Podcrust.
And, uh, the people I think we heard on the mic that night, Thursday night at X Day, were...
Reverend Fid Chooly.
Reverend Anna Moll.
Dr. Shoggoth
and Reverend Fox
I think was in there and Reverend Cosmack
although he was mostly on
keyboards
that was the first ten minutes
of about two hours
was there no Reverend Apostasy
Fnord?
you can't hear her I don't think she might have been there
but now we have
Lonesome Cowboy Day
yeah yeah yeah
again
and the music in the background
Princess We is
again cyber chump
from the folks who brought us
exposed foreheads
oh
you mean they showed their
exposed foreheads and that's what's
created the mythology?
well they lived up to their name I think
their foreheads were showing
almost everybody's
all of their foreheads were showing
did they
so they did the skin job
they removed the frontal
the frontal lobes as well?
I don't know
all you could see was the forehead
you couldn't see what was behind it
just the forehead
there's subgeniuses
I think so there's probably
not much
they seem very subgenius to me
yeah but smart that's what I don't get
exposed foreheads seem like a smart band
you have that occasionally with subgeniuses
we're not supposed to
yeah it's rare it is rare
well
we're supposed to kick them out if they show too much smarts
then they're like geniuses
yeah
now you said
we don't luckily none of us have to worry about that I don't think
you said you told me that Dr. Howell
qualified as a subgenius
because he was a genius
because he was other than
genius
well that's what he says
he's beyond genius
that's what he says but I think that's dumb
which proves he is a subgenius
that's true
I gotta turn Dave up
Dave sounds cool
he's quiet
I'm not quiet I'm astute
I'm rhythmical
I'm kind of like arhythmical tonight
in some ways I went to my drum circle
and then I went to a drum trapezoid
which was even more fun
because we got to play with Gorilla Muffs
and Secret Airplanes
and sometimes well
the major members of the group became quiet at once
and dismembered themselves
it was sad
it was happy
it was joyful
it was realistic
yeah
yeah
a drum trapezoid
yeah
a drum trapezoid
only Dave would go to a drum trapezoid
well he goes to
we don't get invited to the parties that Dave gets invited to
well that's true
well you go to plenty of drum circles
and you go to some drum squares
I've heard in your very existence
Princess Lee goes to drum circles
I only go to jerk circles
jerk circles?
jerk circles
oh
I'm sorry
I know what one of those are is
did you win the Oreo?
what I don't know some of the secret passwords
and some of the signatures is that I
probably did
then you probably did win the Oreo
if you don't know about the Oreo
but let's not go there any further
okay
sure that's fine with me
I just assume not
because once again
your parlance is exploding my salubrious regurgitation
and I can't understand you
well
I don't know what that is
I don't know what that is
I do know what it is
and I wasn't gonna think about it
you just made me think about it again
I don't know what salubrious regurgitation
I mean I know regurgitation but salubrious
let me get out my phone
I'm gonna call the funk and wagnell
salubrious
hey watch your language
what is what's the difference
this isn't Rowan and Martin's laugh in
I'm sorry Dave
we're walking all over each other
and leaving footprints on our ears
what were you saying
I just wondered if there was a difference
between salubrious and legubrious
I know legubrious is kinda like many subgeniuses
they have a mouthful of it at all times
it won't shut the hell up
and I thought salubrious was similar
but I thought a person who was salubrious
was kind of witty at the same time
they're health giving and healthy
if they're salubrious
oh well see I had that all wrong
what an idiot
we prefer the term subgenius Dave
right
let's not use slurs
and it's to prove that you're a moron
we prefer to be called subgeniuses Dave
rather than morons
or idiots or all those other knuckleheads
you know clowns
clowns have been in the news lately
yeah I guess Donald Trump is gonna build an actual wall
along I don't know how many thousand miles of the southern border
over ten feet high and expect it to cost nary a penny
which the Soviets and the Dingleberries will provide
that wasn't a clown I was talking about
you know we managed to go all last show without mentioning him
we never mentioned him
the whole show last week
that was good but I've just heard so much stuff lately
like even today just
and I wasn't gonna talk about it but
I couldn't believe what people were saying
they didn't understand that building the Great Wall of China
took the Chinese a long time
of course you know
and then the Mexicans just burrowed under it
like moles
yeah I know
they're so good at that
that's what I read in the comments section
but yeah
there already is a lot of fence
but let's forget that
there's creepy clowns creeping in the woods these days
or there's a new urban legend
that everybody has to get in on
because I know this family
and they were driving down the road
and they saw this weird clown come out of the woods at night
and then they stopped and they drove back and it was gone
and there was a clown luring children
all the kids have suddenly started reporting
that there are these evil clowns trying to lure them into the woods
they see a news report and the next thing you know
they see a clown too
it's almost like the Salem witch hunt children you know
they're not suggestive or anything are they?
well what it is it's clown hunt
back in the old days it was the Salem witch trials
just a bunch of kids decided they didn't like this one old lady
so they all said she was a witch
and that's what everybody wanted to believe
you know they said that she deleted her emails
and didn't know how to do anything
and she was a witch and she was demented
and had Alzheimer's
but yet was fiendishly clever
and had brainwashed these children
and so every old lady that people didn't like
got hung or tortured to death or something
now that was in Salem
now what they're going to do is
it's going to be a clown hunt
clown hunt yeah burning clowns at the stake
and the thing is probably
one or two of these sightings might be real
but once one person sees a Bigfoot
it's like the hundredth Bigfoot theory
suddenly everybody's seeing Bigfoots everywhere
as soon as it makes the news
yeah like pretty soon everybody's just
they're just making up their own clown events
and it just becomes a news media item
and somebody has to investigate it
and they find out that's all it is
right it turns out that you look into the
into the story behind the clown accusations
you'll find out that they just
literally have been making it all up
for the last thirty years
or five years
how but then you look into another clown
you'd look to look at what another clown did
and it turns out well yeah everything they say
about that clown actually is pretty obviously true
here's the videotapes of that clown
doing that crazy not very funny thing
with that banana peel and that donkey
well how far do these enclounters go back
well they actually go back thousands and thousands of years
because people have always seen them
since the days of the ancient beyond the days of the ancient
the ancient great clowns would appear from the woods
but on Facebook and internet
now how many days has it been since the first enclounter
oh I think only like a week or so
let's see I'm looking at a news story right now
have these people never heard of insane clown posse
banned
yeah but right
maybe that's it
what is this
right
has no one ever seen that movie let's visit the world of the future
has nobody ever seen all those underground comic books
with the evil evil clowns
how about the pathetic clowns in fireside theaters
where I think we're all bozos on this bus
they were pathetic but in a kind of a creepy sinister way
go ahead squeeze the wheeze it doesn't hurt me
that's just sick
it does hurt them and they like it
it's real sick
clowns clowns clowns
what's the there's a term for the fear of clowns
clownophobia but yeah
no it's called co
coulrophobia c-o-u-l-r-o phobia
coulrophobia hard to pronounce
the show ares of the zuni people
and the pueblo indians and stuff
clowns are clowns are everywhere
and they've always been a kind of a
half happy half not so happy thing
the lakota and the comanche both had a clown
it's like if you were having a lot of psychological problems
you might become what they called a hayoka
or in the movie little big man they called him a contrary
in that movie it was rather simplified
what's his name little bear would wash with dirt and
you know sleep on nails and stuff like that
but in real life a hayoka is a subgenius
someone who has felt too much pressure to be normal
and rebels snaps goes the other way
starts putting on clown makeup and lurking in the woods
ask david apocalypse
he posted
david apocalypse is a professional clown on drugs
and he posted a thing that what was it
they have this slur for normal non-clown people
maybe i'll splice it in later
plainface that was the pejorative name that david apocalypse used on facebook
in the line
i'm coming after you plainface
yeah clowns really look down on
striaties or whatever
i interviewed a clown in one of my erstwhile jobs
as the circus rolled into town with its many elephants and tubas flashing
and its parade mongers driving by
and he said it was in his blood somehow
he said you know his pancreas had erupted
and gave him five different shades of yellow to contend with
he said as you woke each morning he said i've got this in my blood
i guess what he meant was everybody came from a clown family
which is common in circuses
some of these people go back to twenty generations in the old country
but they don't tell you what the old country is
damn
the old planet we call it
yeah
yeah he's from the old planet
you know kind of old fashioned that way
one of them earthies
earthy
see that would be like
christobal cologne
or one of those other characters from history
he thinks he finds a new world
instead he finds a much older world and destroys it
of course that's too political i should forget that
hey i found a warning about clowns here
this isn't part of the clown article
this is a commenter by the name of inwad
who said
i don't know about all this clown stuff
but two things make this something to take attention to
one children have impressionable minds
and are closer to the veiled world than us adults
and so when kids say they're seeing things
it is imperative that we take heed
okay
number two
number two the other thing that strikes me about this
there is zero physical evidence
which proves it
as they say a human would leave something
a tire track
a follicle of hair
a piece of fabric
footprints
evidence of rations eaten
or of waste
spelled like the middle of your body
something would have shown up by now
so the fact that there's no physical proof means it must be real
and the fact that kids saw it means it must be real
those are the two things that you can always depend on
kids never make anything up
and if there's no proof
that's the proof
of the supernatural
it is said that the veil between our world and the physical
and the veil that separates us from the unseen
is being blurred
or that a portal is opening
and giving us
giving rise to the pick up in sightings
and sightings of pick ups
when's it ever going to happen
when is the smudge on reality
which separates the veil between the two different worlds
going to become totally unreal
smudged and veiled together
where we all see these different things
we haven't seen this for years
I know that's the thing
there was a time when I was a child
when I believed in
a converging
yeah the two worlds
the one that there's proof for
where you stub your toe and it hurts
and the world that there's no proof for
that's the realer world because
it doesn't exist
so that means it's more real
because there's a veil
an invisible veil
between the invisible worlds
creepy
creepy clown
I think they'd not be so squacky
they'd make some real sense
if they had to count their tips at the end of the night
and came up short of $20
they wouldn't be going
the worlds are converging
you see there's a great veil between this hemisphere
and that hemisphere of the brain of the great mind of god
and also
Yeah, shut up, you know.
Yeah, I know about that part.
I mean, the yeah, shut up part?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hear that a lot.
Yeah.
But not very well.
Well, is your jaw going to have to be removed?
I hate to sound silly about this, but I don't think it's silly.
But, in fact, I'm a little concerned, but that's for another program, a deconditioning unit.
We'll find out.
Actually, they're going to take magnetic resonating imagery of my brain, resonance.
Jays.
I'm going to get an MRI on Tuesday to find out why the right side of every headphone I put on is broken.
I'm not kidding.
And if you switch the left over to the right, it breaks the left headphone.
But then, miraculously, the one that's on your other ear is working.
Yeah.
So we're going to find out.
You know, it's sad because at the beginning of this show, I was listening to myself ranting happily at X Day, and I lied.
I said, I'm lucky I don't have any disabilities, blah, blah, blah.
It's like, well, I keep telling myself that, but I can't hear myself say it very clearly.
I actually do have a pretty serious disability.
I'm having to spend some money to try to get it fixed.
You know what I mean?
This is when you're supposed to say, huh?
Huh?
I think it's because you're still basking in the surreality of where you are, and you're not quite up to the part where you have actual some hearing thing.
Well, I've noticed that there's a lot of strange noises going on on the right side of my head as well.
And I thought it was concurrent with Stang's obstinacy.
But it wasn't clear on the issue itself.
I don't know.

Other than I noticed about three or four days ago, it was kind of strange.
It was making a lot of noises in there.
And I thought, well, I just haven't heard infection.
So I began putting oceans and potions and all different kinds of motions into discovering what was wrong and using a Q-tip to extract the lumber that I was shaving up.
And there's something wrong with my right side of my head, too.
Mm-mm-mm.
I am so sorry to hear that.
I know it's serious, but, you know, none of it's serious.
It's all clown stuff.
Ha, ha, ha.
So you're losing your hearing.
So the right side of your head is coming off.
Ha, ha, ha.
At least you don't come out of the woods in a clown suit.
Not anymore.
Well, yeah, right.
I have actually come out of the woods in a clown suit with a camera pointed at me.
Yeah, I mean, it was—I wasn't trying to lure children.
I was trying to lure—
You were—
movie deals back then.
That's a long story.
Interested persons who want to see just how bad it can get, a real serious prediction of what the future will be like, Google, let's visit the world of the future and the words YouTube and revstang.
Revstang being one word.
You'll find the black and white movie called Let's Visit the World of the Future.
And it's got a—
Which is scary as hell.
It is actually not quite as scary as the news articles I read this morning.
Still pretty scary.
Because a lot of the most frightening science fiction and social satire has come completely true.
I'm sure people who saw that movie Idiocracy know what I mean.
Yes.
It's been rendered a—
A documentary.
An out-of-date documentary.
Yes.
Well, I've heard the second generation of people now who actually tell me it's because there's electrolytes in there.
You know what I mean?
They've actually gone to the point—past the point of where that's, ha-ha-ha, there's electrolytes in there.
And they—it's again a new generation that thinks it's serious.
Ay, caramba.
Ay, caramba.
I made them cry.
I pulled my pants down and argued with the wind.
I was just like Sir Francis Drake on the old days when we attacked the Armadas.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to talk about that stuff because that is not pertinent to anything we're talking about.
But I'm intrigued by the clowns.
I'm sorry.
I'm totally baffled by—
I'm not.
I am.
I'm not.
The first one was David Apocalypse hitching a ride after his jalopy broke down.
And after that, it was all copycat stories.
All the way down.
That's my theory.
Or possibly the fact that Rob Zombie is coming out with an evil clown movie in a week.
Mm-hmm.
And a marketing—guerrilla marketing campaign, maybe, since this movie is about a group of sadistic clowns that torture victims.
Hmm.
It's kind of a form of post-death reel, Brian.
Maybe.

Yeah.
It's going to help Rob Zombie no matter what.
Right.
Scary clowns.
Oh, my.
Federico Fellini had clown fear.
He did clownophobia, too?
Yeah.
He did a whole documentary about clowns and the terror of the clown.
And, you know, the tears of a clown when there's no one.
Around.
Oh, gee.
He couldn't help it.
He had to do that.
Yes, he did.
He was compelled.
The clown compelled him.
By the great mentors of Tune-Am.
I learned it from you.
Not me.
Not me.
Not me.
Not me.
Hi, folks.
I'm Cliff Palance from the University of Southern Montuba.
If you look here into this tiny little...
Ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball.
You know, kind of stuff like that there.
For you, for you, for you.
But not for me.
We're still kind of half stuck in the Devo clown world.
They're clowns.
And not for the clown prince.
Some people I was talking with tonight said they went to the museum
and he was dressed up like a reference.

He was a referee and making people play four different musics at one time.
Who was dressed up like a referee?
Mark Mothersbaugh was dressed like a referee
and had a whistle around his throat.
Uh-huh.
You know, not in a menacing way.
And he would blow the whistle and one keyboard would start something
and they all were wearing jock suits.
And then another person had another keyboard wearing a jock suit
would start and join in.
And then about the time the song got done
or started to sound,
it got a little bit complicated,
he would blow the whistle and start a new song.
That's how we used to do doctor bands.
When this song would start to sound good, like a song,
somebody would get bored and call it quits.
Yeah.
That's a good thing, I think.
I think that's how modern music should develop from now on.
Just like a bicep.
When it gets too tired, just...
Just...
You know, take a nap.
Strangle a little squirrel or something.
I think...
What were we saying, Princess?
When it wakes up, it would blossom forth with something interesting and new.
You know what's weird?
Sometimes it is interesting and new
and you're just bored and you don't know
and you ruin something by...
So I guess you shouldn't stop the song.
Well, I think that Mark Mothersbaugh, Reverend Mothersbaugh, actually...
Wait.
Did he ever send in his...
I don't think he did.
I think he's as unsaved as those Facebook Bobbies out there that don't ever join the church, really.
They join Facebook pages, but they don't join the church.
Bob Casale did.
How about Pee-wee Herman?
Bob and Lisa...
The late Bob Casale and his wife.
Pee-wee said he was going to pay and he never did.
Never did.
But he put Bob on his title sequence of Pee-wee's Playhouse the whole first year.
Every child in America saw Bob's face on Pee-wee's wall in 1990 or whatever that was.
So Bob was subliminally planted into their little brains.
Yeah, that could be part of the...
The original...
That was in the 80s.
The clown possums.
I mean, the opossumate clowns and some of them are opiate fanatics and some are apostate popes.
They all live together in the same menagerie.
The gigantic zoo of avarice creatures.
Yeah, the zoo.
The human zoo, the clown zoo.
The pumice zoo.
And the sublimious zoo.
Sublime from their artifacts, which we show here below us.
Look deep into its eye.
That's scary.
Wouldn't that be nice if all you had to do was stare into one limpid eyeball and learn
all there is to know about the human world?
About everything there is to know?
About everything there is?
Well, I'm sure there's somebody who would believe that that's possible if you put a
high enough price tag on it.
Look at Scientology.
Like a Spockian mind meld?
Right, but they don't believe in it if it's free.
Right.
You have to pay mightily.
Free things are bad.
Pay dearly.
Remember, in conservative America and Puritan America, free things are things that make
you feel good or bad.
And you must lift yourself up by your bootstraps even if you have no feet.
And all that other stuff that we've already discussed.
I'm disgusted.
Yep.
Oh, uh, we have to start to go.
Um, we have to start to go.
We're here to go.
We have to start to go.
Yeah.
It sounds like...
It's the beginning of the end in Reverend Stein's mind.
Sounds like a bad French movie, you know?
Yeah.
There was a pretty good description of Church of the Subgenius on a personal level by Reverend
Fox at the beginning of this show.
He also did a good one the previous show.
Actually, he did both of those one Sunday night at X Day.
Oh, by the way, the guitar playing on those rants I should definitely mention was Reverend
Angry Larry, also known from the amino acids, the casket bastards, and Specific.
Specific.
Specific.
So either to special effects, or it's a small detail that people made up or you put the
ones you, uh, would just like to look at the cover, which, uh, they didn't like at first.
Hassled them because the fact that some of the names weren't true, I guess that means
their name was not necessarily scientific right before the show.
And if somebody wants to see that, they can.
Now, there's another show coming in, and I'm going to put on a piece of music to kind of allow that to happen.
Once again, this is our buddy, Reverend Basil, and his band called the Psychoskeletons.
Well, this is an old song called Old Fatty.
And it's not a song, it's an instrumental.
Old Fatty?
Old Fatty. I'm going to run Old Fatty now in a minute.
Dave, thank you for calling in.
Thanks for playing Old Fatty.
And we'll play Old Fatty here.
Thanks for clowning around with us, Dave.
Okay, see you. See you, clowny.
Good night.
,
We just spent the night playing about a movie and used the obliqueUSBaaa att




,
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
