MYTTinya
Is someone there?
You
Yes
that
isn't
a
question
Slacking.
Okay, kids.
I want you to come to a nice mutual agreement.
You're a slave?
Okay, our...
Okay, so that's...
You're a slave.
Oh, it's not true.
The figure that just came out...
I said nicely.
They don't care about you.
Uh...
Slave?
But listen, he brings up a good point.
I mean, it's free, but come on.
Then why would you say slave?
You know, what would be the percentage you'd be?
As time goes on, people do need things.
Either you're a slave or you're not a slave.
What are you?
You know, I gotta find this...
Again.
You know, you're gonna start to see...
Right now.
And then we're gonna get into some more facts here.
I mean, give me a break.
Anyway.
Okay, nice try.
How do you think the world will end?
Any of us.
How will the universe...
Fire, fire, fire.

Fire, fire, fire.
How will the universe end?
Fire, fire, fire.
Will it be a...
Can I kiss my explosion?
Oh, the universe?
Yeah.
Oh, it can't really end, end.
The world, whatever.
Everything.
Ah, greasy barking and drooling.
A little bit of crying.
Humans, humans.
And some getting...
Human society.
Human society.





What do you mean by the world?
Rolling around and scratching.
The world.
When will the world end?
You know, there's people out...
Guys in the streets.
You know what I'm saying?
The world will end tomorrow.
Well, when you close your eyes for the big sleep, that is when the world will end.
Yeah, we're talking about now.
We're talking about now.
We're talking about now.
About the continuance of the magnetic world.
Seems like a pretty big sleep to me.
As we die in our resurrected daily, much in the same way our own foolishness.
As it comes up and goes down.
We annihilated the world before your very ears and utterly destroyed.
Wow.
We have succeeded in opening one of the crisis doors.
The instruments here are going crazy.
I think what we've been suspecting all along may already be happening, Doctor.
I'm almost sure of it.
Get into your choppers and head north immediately.
Don't stop for a thing.
It may be the end of the world.
Invasion.
Invasion.

Now it looks as though we may have planted seeds in the dead soil of a lost world.
That sound you just heard could well be the result of a nuclear explosion somewhere down
here at the bottom of the world.
Then time out from invasion for lunch.
I'm sure we'll be able to find a way to get out of this.
Many of you within the sound of my voice will be present at the birth of the 21st century.
Some among us were born a little too early for that.
We'll just have to sit around and guess what life in the 2000s may be like.
We annihilated the world before your very ears and utterly destroyed.
Wow.
Apocalypse Whenever by Norell Preff, dear friends.
Before that, I'm going to be a little more serious.

On the air by Rev. Cobblestone.
Before that, some ESO and an intro by Fernanda Nande-Lee Murr for this show number 916.
Hours of slack.
916 of them.
Now, some ESO radio from WCSB Cleveland from last night.
And last, a Thanksgiving.
We're at the Death's Grip Inn waiting for the clowns to fall.
And it's the first contestants from Old Life and Cherrywood's Hamlet Kirsten's Room at
Pinochet 5.
I would like to start this song with a brief explanation.
Oh, this is one of the philosophical ones.
I'm not going to do that.

мощнейшего Jay export
Thank you.
Oh, I'm not going to do that.
Are you already sweet souls in the season of a
Якby made in Dallas.

Enough they came from the


still
All bans
I'm Company
All neglect



S
all

Everything




Pumpkin, right? Like pumpkin pie, right?
Punk, pumpkin, pumpkin pie.
Thanks God for no future.
Thanks God for a rotten fucking mess.
Thanks God for being on the dole.
It's funny.
Funny thing ain't funny.
I don't think he's funny.
Fucking mess.
I don't think he's funny.
He is the beast of the apocalypse.
Thanks God for a damn industrial nightmare.
And no jobs for the worthy.
I think you sound mean and nasty.
Thanks Lord for coming night.
Maybe this one will lighten the mood a little.
Thanks for college radio.
It's chaotic discord with a song called
Fuck religion, fuck politics.
Fuck the lot of you.
Thanks for religion.
Fuck religion.

For religion.
Thanks to Roy's lazy fucking lot.
Fuck politics.
Fuck the lot of you.
Fucking out.
Fucking, fucking money.
And for some of those people out there who have given up the goat.
Punkin, punkin, punkin pie.
Punkin, punkin, punkin pie.
Punkin pie.
You're on my foot.
You got some kind of punk collection?
Is that what happened here, Chaz?
20 years of greatest punk golden oldies?
Yeah.
It's down to 43 now.
Remember these amazing hits.
Yeah.
The Sex Pistols.
The Crabs.
The Clears.
The Fuck You.
Do you remember I Wanna Hang Your Dog by the Sarcomas from Greece?
Teenage Jesus and the Jerks.
All these.
Dodgers for Wotan.
Dodgers for Wotan.
Hey man.
The Sarcomas from Greece.
Me and the Poopoos.
There's Slaughter and the Dogs does a version of White Light White Heat.
Let's hear this.
Oh yeah, Slaughter and the Dogs did a good version.
Pooh, Wotan, Poopoo.
Pooh, Wotan, Pooh, Water Towel.
Now that was a...
Pooh, Water Towel?
Pooh, Water Towel.
Pooh, Water Towel.
They were the ultimate nihilistic punk band.
They hated everything so much that they would just destroy all their equipment before they
even did the... started the show.
Like in the truck out back.
That's how nihilistic... so the audience couldn't even see them destroy their equipment.
Then they'd come on stage and just sit there.
That's punk.
That's punk.
They were totally punk.
And they were so punk that they looked kind of like Bob.
Just real normal.
They didn't have tattoos or...
Because they didn't have tattoos.
They didn't have time for that shit.
Yeah, because they didn't have time for that shit.

Yeah, because it was like a...
Fuck it!
Fuck the punk scene!
I remember those guys.
I remember them real well, but the problem is...
I remember the kinder, gentler side of...
They don't remember us now because of the implants.
Then everything got kinder and gentler with New Wave.
That was the Bush era.
That was the era of the hairy man, in fact.
It's hip to be square.
It is hip to be square, especially if...
Yeah, spazzy short hairs were in for a short time.
...a Scotland.
An odd thing.




I actually had girls come on to me during that brief period when Elvis Costello, Devo,
and David Byrne were the sexiest things in the world.
Like blue corn diapers or something.
You know, guys with goofy looking glasses and uncool haircuts and little suits.
The nerd look.
Yeah.
I just happened to...
Tiny puss hips.
Big knees.
A lot of us happened to look that way for that six month period.
And we're cool.
I remember those days.
That was it.
Back then, it was something else.
Then it was long hair again.
Or bald heads.
Or little goatees.
Or a spike in the nose.
Or a broomstick in the butt.
That's the current fad, I noticed.
Have you ever taken a safety pin and shoved it through your cheek?
Oh, that's so 80s.
For John Dillinger, and I hope he is still alive.
Thanksgiving Day, November 28th, 1986.
Thanks for the wild turkey and the passenger pigeons,
destined to be shit out through all the years.
Thanks for the beautiful, wholesome American guts.
Thanks for a continent to despoil and poison.
Thanks for Indians to provide a modicum of challenge and danger.
Thanks for vast herds of bison to kill and skin,
leaving the carcasses to rot.
Thanks for bounties on wild cows and cows.




Thanks for the American dream,
to vulgarize and falsify until the bare lies shine through.
Thanks for the KKK.
For nigger-killin' lawmen feedin' their notches.
For decent church-goin' women with their mean peeps.
For hench-bitter evil faces.
Thanks for Killaqueer for Christ stickers.
Thanks for the Bordoriers.
Thanks for prohibition and the war against drugs.
Thanks for a country where nobody's allowed to mind his own business.
Thanks for a nation of finks.
Yes, thanks for all the memories.
All right, let's see your arms.
You always were a headache and you always were a whore.
Thanks for the last and greatest betrayal of the last and greatest of human dreams.
Make that fool themen.
You think I'd never spare a damn thing of yours.
I'm a grown car wanker.
I'm gonna risk my life for捒u.
I'm gonna rest in peace and takes from me.
It's height and he's sharp as a knife.
I'm a Plaid Ant.
Good cause to count.

Why did she want to cure his hat?
March their way through the deserts, looking not only for the quicksand, but for the town of Madden.
Why does she want to cure his hat?
The Kennedy? Why did they want to cure Kennedy's hat?
Because he was thinking of bad thoughts. Bad thoughts.
That's why they gave him a new matching necktie and hat.
One that can be worn in any kind of weather, especially in Dallas, Texas.
Reverend, tell us about the area near Dealey Plaza.
It's the greatest album of our time.
Actually, I'd best know the sewers underneath Dealey Plaza.
That's why they called you the silent rat man, or the rat boy.
That's where I was that fateful day, November 22nd.
Now, was that a black hop, or was that purple?
Oh, it's almost two days away from the day.
Is today the 20th, or the 25th?
It's the first.
2-1 is today.
It's the firestorm.
It's the firestorm solstice on Neptune.
Oh, man.
They don't have firestorms on Neptune.
Thank God.
They have ice alcohol storms, though.
But if you were to snap your fingers real high, you'd have a firestorm on Neptune.
Run, run, run, run, run, crazy baby, what do you do?
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, Dealey Plaza Day is coming up.
It's the 23rd, isn't it?
It's a holiday for subgeniuses, because that was the particular little mini conspiracy.
That is, had the most coolest inside joke potential.
And it's been, there were the Kennedy assassination, JFK.
It's one of the most hilarious events ever programmed into the event psyche of our neighborhood,
speaking in a global sense.
Did you know that there is an assassination convention in Dallas, Texas, every November
around this time?
I used to go and report on the first two or three, and our friend Reverend Susie the floozy
on WREK.
And it was a big one.
And I'm like, I'm gonna go to Atlanta.
Yeah.
I was at the time a Kennedy researcher and connected to all of that sort of thing.
But the Christians are like that too, back and to the left.
Where the Jesus head is going back and to the left.
Back and to the left.
Back and to the left.
Back and to the left.

Now here goes the first nail, ka-boom.
Here goes the second nail, ka-ching.
Back and forth.
And there were no...
Back and forth.
There were also some plain clothes Roman centurions in the bushes behind my hairs,
and I wore all three that day.
Et tu, Lyndon?
Et tu, Lyndon?
Do you remember when old Paul Krappner and the rest of the Beatles said that he was having
sex with someone's neck?
Or was it with our Lord's neck?
No, it was JFK's neck.
That was a historical fact.
During the autopsy at the Naval...
That's what...
The LBJ did in fact have sex with the...
Change the road.
The exit or entrance, depending on which conspiracy you believe in.
Now do you think he was thinking of Marilyn or Lady Bird when he did the deed?
Now wait a minute, the aliens did this?
No!
Well, they possessed Lyndon to do it.
Lyndon Baines Johnson.
Lyndon Baines Johnson.
The Greys did this?
The Greys got into LBJ's brain after the hit went down.
Yeah, these people, I don't believe that they're really brains in their heads anyway.
I just think there's a little grey up there.
No, there's...
It's not grey matter, it's a little grey.
In the case of the Kennedy assassination, you know, he's got like a couple of big rubbers,
you know...
Guys, that's silly.
Everybody knows it was green energy demons at Dealey Plaza that night.
Long, long time.
You need to change the entry.
Hey, I was there.
Oh, you're getting all sexed up.
My parents saw Lee Ho get shot on TV live.
Oh my God, you're as big as a steel.
Imagine that.
And they had been thrown out of Jack Ruby's carousel club.
My parents!
I grew up in an alternate universe.
At that time period, I happened to be living in one of the alternate universes.
And in that universe, John F. Kennedy turned around at the last second, whirled around,
shot up,
and killed not only Oswald, but three guys in the grassy knoll as well.
Now that's the way it happened somewhere else.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad for that enlightening rippety of another dimensional accident.
And in another one...
JFK is a James Bond kind of guy.
And in another one, John F. Kennedy and Lee Harvey Oswald meet each other in a gay bar
and are caught by tabloid photographer's French kissing in the bathroom.
Now the one I remember was where like Jackie is going...
They were talking about Maryland and Jackie is going down on the press and he jerks his
head back into the left and the bullet goes neatly through Conway Twitty's life.
See there's a billion different possibilities that all happened.
That was Louis Pasteur's magic bullet.
You think...
Louis Pasteur was the governor of Texas then.
And Marie Curie, I mean...
And Marie Curie was actually Jackie's late grandmother.
So you see how these things keep unfolding.
But David Ferry was the coolest one of all.
David Ferry is actually...
Shall we sing the praises of David Ferry?
He's the subgenius of the Kennedy assassination.
The bald-headed guy had to glue the eyebrows on his...
Fake eyebrows onto his face.
I got a wire, reflect what you are, in case you don't know.
I'll be the wind, the rain and the sunset.
That's what David said.
Sit right down next to the listening device and put on the headset.
Now we pencil here.
We're using white ink and this is more of a graphite pencil you can use for scribbling
on your tours.
Let me stand to show that you are blind.
Please put down your hands.
Cause I see your...
Chad's having a private moment with Nico right now.
Ah, Nico.
He's doing within the mirror effects.

He's doing in a coffee shop in Grandview.
Me and Nico in a coffee shop in Grandview.
I remember to add...
We are through the looking glass now gentlemen.
And you really don't know the beauty you are.
But if you don't let me be your eye.
Enter your darkness so you won't be afraid.
When you think that light has seen your mind.
Let inside you 20 seconds.
Let me stand to show that you are blind.
Okay, here we go.
There's something to be said for a liar on a long journey though.
Maybe he would get hanged or scalped.
And write home and tell us all about it and be a hero.
And there he was.
Dangling in the air 20 feet from the ground.
Quicker than lightning.
That was my revolver.
Hey.
Chesterfield satisfy women and men.
Chesterfield over and over again.
Milder, much milder, all smokers agree.
Always by Chesterfield's ABC.
Now I'll just put down my ukulele and say again that I think this is the best radio program on the air and any independent station or any network.
You don't have to say that to us Arthur.
Alright, we...
We know it, Art.
Sure.
You gonna sing anything today?
Yeah, I would presume as much.
When we have a song?
Uh, thanks for asking me Bob.
We have made a few changes in the studio.
Doesn't it sound different?
You see Bob and I...
You see Bob and I...
We sit here in a large walnut desk.
It's an awful sight in there.
Gargoyle is back at the controls in his own inimitable manner.
How does this little game called radio come out?
Who wins?
Well that's beside the point.
What we're here to mention is that we hope that you've all got a good idea.
You've all got your...
Nyeheheh!
Those are pretty important points here in this little game called radio.
Snuffling the show along a sidewalk.
You've been what?
Been what?
Snuffling the show a little bit.
A journey.
By Reverend Cobblestone.
Welcome back to the Red Cross.
I'm Robert Cullinan.
I'm the director of the Red Cross.











They're going to put an actor in the governor's office?
That's silly.
Well, they've never been able to improve on me, Mommy.
I was the original.
I was the first.
Dreamed up with Buzzy Walker.
Does Reagan even have thoughts anymore?
Back in 1949.
If you could be where his head's at, you'd be the...
It's like...
He's creamy, man.
He's creamy smooth.
He's nonstop.
He's jamming right into that spot.
He's in the now.
Totally in the now.
Yeah.
He's in the...
The Maharishi Mahesh Yogi is an uptight Rush Limbaugh-like guy compared to Reagan.
We are now giving classes on Ronald Reagan's way of meditation.
They start in different forms.
The exercise and...
The Dalai Lama is Nancy Reagan compared to Ron Reagan.
Wait a minute.
What did you say?
I said the Dalai Lama is Nancy Reagan compared to Ron Reagan.
That's how advanced Ron...
Ron is so close to Dobbs.
He's so close to the consciousness now that he's...
You know, he's almost to the point where Bob is.
He could be, you know, switched with Bob as world overlord at this point.
We wouldn't even know the difference.
Well, hasn't he had this classical terminal disease for like 15 years now, right?
I keep thinking he's dead.
Yeah, I think he's just like dropped from sight and he's had everything he's ever wanted.
Well, I always say that...
Right.
He has no memoirs because he has no memory.
That's right.
Actually, the real Ronald Reagan moved to...
He moved to Argentina about the same time Elvis Presley did.
And married the real Eva Peron.
I don't know about that.
No, that's part of the histoire.
Dobbs arranged that for both of them and JFK also.
He helps the...
JFK isn't doing quite as well as he used to.
JFK is living in a Urenum locker over on...
Actually, he died.
Yeah, finally after living in the Urenum.
After knocking off most of his relatives, his son...
Well, he had emotional problems.
There was a little...
There was a little bit of brain damage when the brain...
When, you know, when the actual shots were fired, they pulled him through.
He was the one behind it.
It was his fault.
That was a dummy.
He was the one behind the Kennedy assassination.
Yeah.
John F. Kennedy.
He was behind the scope.
He shut it all up.
He was behind the scope.
Kennedy wasn't even in that car.
No.
It was a...
That wasn't even Kennedy in the car.
And speaking of genes...
That wasn't him.
That was a fill-in.
A walk-in.
Yeah.
They're easy to find.
And they're easy to find now.
Just think of...
What's his name?
Kennedy and Jim Morrison.
They're living on some island somewhere down in South Carolina.
And we'll soon be...
No, Kennedy died.
He finally died.
I keep telling you guys.
He died.
Frank, the new CEO, had to answer to the board.
The board was getting...
The board was getting anxious.
And the shareholders were on a bet.
Legs in air.
Ass cheeks open wide.
They were about to get fucked.
Like it was their first time.
When one makes 20 million and 10,000 people lose.
What keeps that one from swallowing a shotgun?
Damn.
The company man.
The loyalty to the core.
After 16 years of service.
And a family to support.
He actually started to believe.
The weaponry and chemicals before national defense.
Cause Danny had a mortgage.
And a boss to answer to.
The guilty don't feel guilty.
They learn not to.
Too.
They'll never be guilty.
Right?
West Mustang.
Was a commercial enterprise.
As you have always understood.
Aira fantasies.
Was a political enterprise.
Who breaks it?
Helen is living in her car, trying to feed her kids
She got laid off of work, and her house was repossessed
It's hard to think clearly when it's 38 degrees
Desperate people have been known to render desperate deeds
But when she shot that family and moved into their home
The paper rich, he suffered from dementia
You can't say that on the American hairways
It's a fiery, fiery way down
Well, the end justifies the means, that's the important thing
By all means necessary
Right-wing people, of course, are just a little less human than we are, that's all
I'm not bigoted or prejudiced or anything, they're just less human
Remember what Elmer Fudd said, man
I actually heard a guy say that
Remember what Daffy Duck said, man
By whatever means
Necessary
There you go
There you go
From protest to
Of course you know this means war, yeah
From protest to resistance
From protest to resistance, people
Hold hands, brothers and sitters, sitners
Yeah, man, they're still a cat's play
From resistance to action
Coming raining down like rain, blowing our small body parts out into the rain
Gun for gun if we must, we must kill that pig
Gun for gun
Stand again
Did you just say that?
Did you just say kill the pig?
That's right
He doesn't know he has to drive home
The racist pigs
Thanksgiving is coming up
Yes
If that man is railroaded, we must kill them pigs, one for one
Gun for gun
He's quoting Black Panthers of the 1970s
There will be revolution in the streets, revolution everywhere
Free Charlie
Free Maximus Clutius
Who are we trying to free?
Charlie Manson, the prophet Charlie
The one man who knew what was happening
I kind of forget now what I'm protesting
It was a stud man, Charlie was under the sun
I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you
I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you

And then Oliver Norton
We'll free Oliver Norton from this bondage conspiracy
We'll free Norton and Ralph Cramden
We'll free Emperor Norton from history
We'll free the Emperor of the Norton
Who was Emperor Norton?
Oh yeah, Emperor Norton
He was the Emperor of San Francisco
All of California
All of California, the Golden Bear State, he was the Emperor
And he had a golden throne and a crown of emeralds and thrones, didn't he?
No, that's what they call the sharp stone
A real saint, a discordian saint
But was he immolated at the fire by the faint-hearted like the saints usually are?

It grew on me like a festering tomb where this terrific dream of immortality, everlasting life
Hey, what's going on here?
What's all this about living forever?
Just imagine
A man with all that time on his hands
Time to kill
And kill
And kill
Hey, what's going on here?
What's all this about living forever?
Just imagine
A man with all that time on his hands
Time to kill
And kill
And kill
Hey, what's going on here?
What's all this about living forever?
Doctor, but they, they are very much aware of what we're up to
Doctor, but they, they are very much aware of what we're up to
Doctor, but they, they are very much aware of what we're up to
Their noses are out of joint because of it
And they will stop at nothing, absolutely nothing to prevent us
That and something much more serious
It grew on me like a festering tomb where this terrific dream of immortality, everlasting life
A new strength was flowing in my blood
I was immortal
I couldn't die
I would go on living
And living
I would go on living

And living










And living
Forever
Just imagine
A man with all that time on his hands
Time to kill
And kill
And kill
Hey, what's going on here?
What's all this about living forever?
Nobody here
Who is it?
Nobody here
Who is it?
Nobody here
Who is it?
Somebody here
Who is it?
asta
Tundra
a wonderful piece using these words
Reverend Norell Preff. You can find out more about Norell Preff at heavyconfetti.com.
But now, let's hear a little bit of the Evolution Control Committee.
I've had many people to ask me to put this on recording.
And we're coming to you for all of you that are present here tonight.
Dope gambling, women dancing, deuces wild, coon, can and toe.
Many pleasures of life are used.
But I happen to prefer the snatch.
Prestige.
Prestige.
All.
Water.
Money.
Women.
Men.
Nothing.
I read Laura and Ogal Suits.
I have made up in my mind that nothing is going to stop me from making the snatch.
You see, I'm not going to fool around here and miss all these women.
All these good looking women let me get Laura, let me have Mabel and let me get Ogal Suits, Fannie Lou.
Then all I can find, I've got to make the snatch.
I would just get on out there and get with Marvin Gaye, Jackson 5, Gladys Knight and the Pips.
Hey man, Smokey Robinson
And everybody else
And I just had me a time
So don't miss that snatch
I'd like to say to the brothers
It don't matter how well they are shaped
How long the hair is
They're not worth missing the snatch
Sisters, I don't care how tall, dark and handsome
That man might be
He's not worth missing the snatch
Two will be in the bed
And then one snatch
And then let me go on to the discord
On to the discord
Get the Saturday Night TV
Let me go on to the discord
To the discord
And let me just have me a good time
And then let me go on to the discord
On to the discord
Get the Saturday Night TV
Saturday night.
Let me go to the discord.
Let me just have a good time.
Let me just have a good time.
Go to the discord.
Comforting and buffing.
Come on to the discord.
Get the Saturday night people.
Come on to the discord.
Pimping and pimping.
Come on to the discord.
And let me just have you a good time.
There have been other lives now.
Before the big ones.
See there have already been some.
There will be some more after the big ones.
If you miss the big ones.
Then don't plan on getting involved.
If you miss the first one.
The snatch is imminent.
The snatch is at hand.
The snatch could come any day now.
We got to be ready.
When she does come.
Evolution Control Committee friends.
You can find out more about them.
At www.evolution-control.com
I got a question.
I got to remember to clean up the rat tails.
After eating those candied rats.
I got to remember to go home.
And take the contents of the kitty litter box.
In the basement.
And pack them into a mighty meaty sandwich.
Put it in my lunch box.
Go to work with a smile on my face.
And give up these stupid ideas.
Of trying to change this country.
Because we need to eat shit and die.
As we have been told.
Things haven't changed in a thousand years.
They never will.
I've learned.
I've learned my lesson.
I've learned my lesson.
Nothing ever changes.
It's been the same.
Satan has always had the art stick.
He's always had the writing.
War. War. War.
Kill. Kill. Kill.
Blood. Blood.
America is your blood call.
Oh yeah. Sail right in the heart.
Sure you're doing the next thing you know you're doing.
Like all the rest of you.
The United States is run by a blood call.
It's been going on for 200 years.
I'm sure I like owl poop.
But who wants to know the wisdom of the owl with a gun?
No.
No.
Who wants to be in it?
No I don't.
Who wants to be in it?

But.

Yeah we're insane.
That's right.
We're just a bunch of crazy radio people.
It's so dark.
Don't worry about it.
We're just voices on the air.
We're gone.
We're gone.
We're so dark.
Just words.
It's all just words.
Gone as soon as you hear them.
That's it.
You do.
But you do.
Because you want to.
Look Sarge.
We're like blown off man.
What I do.
Am I going to walk again?
Goodbye.
Tozy.
Tozy.
That's funny.
I never quit before.
Oh my god.

I think he's gone.
He's not gone.
That's the whole point.
He's never gone.
Is this some radical move therapy?
You see.
A sentence about a center for dentists at the frontal edge of the continent by the Atlantic Ocean.
A sentence about a center for dentists at the frontal edge of the continent by the Atlantic Ocean.
This is Sam and Bob.
Sam is wearing gloves.
He is wearing a white T-shirt and a black vest.
He is wearing blue jeans.
He has blonde hair.
He has blue eyes.
He is saying hello to his friend Bob.
Bob is Sam's friend.
Sam is wearing a yellow sweater and blue jeans.
He is wearing a yellow sweater and blue jeans.
He is wearing a yellow sweater and blue jeans.
This is Sam and Bob.
He looks really good today.
Can a cat man a catamaran?
Can a cat man a catamaran?
This is Saab.
This is Saab.
He looks really good today.
Bob.
Bob is Saab.
Bob is Saab.
Bob is Saab.
Bob is...
I'll tell you straight.
I...
I don't like...
Rock month if you want to see this long video because it is
Write to your favorite comment.
Olympic Games
We are participating in Arctic Games and also within peoples rights
I will say something bad in Turkish
I will say something bad in Turkish
This is Bob.
Norrell Prath.
This is Bob.
And now, friends, Dr. Howell at the Indie Vival in Indianapolis.
All right.
Well, this is a very general one.
What shall become of the subgenius octopus?
The subgenius octopus will have to adapt to other conditions.
What's an octopus?
Yes.
We're not talking about the prairie squid.
Let's examine that separately.
You know, the prairie squid has been projected by educational TV as a future inhabitant of North America.
Did you ever see that one, Doug?
They...
They had a TV show about animals of the future.
And one of these was the tree-dwelling octopus.
Did anybody see that show?
Yes.
Thank God for educational TV.
Save me a tank.
Well, the future of the subgenius octopus is to grow more and more tentacles.
Until it is not an octopus, but perhaps a dodeca-puss.
Or even an infinitopus.
It is scheduled...
It is scheduled and destined to reach into all corners and realms.
All countries, cities, nations, planets, and spaces.
And only then will Bob's mission have begun truly.
Am I Samuel Delaney's interdimensional slave boy?
It's not science.
Well, let's just say in your mind you are.
In your mind you are.
But that's not necessary.
It's not necessarily a bad thing.
You have an identity.
A secret identity to which you can retreat.
Just remember to go out and get the groceries every now and then.
Buy a new roll of toilet paper every now and then.
Then you can be whoever you want to be.
So have we come to the end of the stack of questions?
One...
One remains.
And I think this is a question of physics.
How is it hanging?
How is it hanging?
I think this has something to do with gravitation.
I think this has something to do with gravity.
Yes, I think so.
Unified field theory.
The pendulum hanging, swinging between heaven and earth.
The angle of the dangle is equal to the mass of the azimuth.
How is it hanging?
As it should be.
Until gravity goes out of whack and the world shuts down.
Until further notice.
Praise X Day!
Dr. Howell at the Indy Bible in Indianapolis.
And now, just a bit of Reverend Jarto and Reverend Cobblestone.
Come on, you. Cough up a...
Cheap bastard.
And they're like, you know my husband and I...
No, no, every man.
Alright, every man.
And if you can figure out how a woman can...
Where she goes to get that...
I don't know.
Don't touch it. It's smelly. It's different.
I please him. I say, what do you like? What do you want? Let's do something crazy and different. You know?
Snarl. You know that mean snarl?
I won't do that.
Boy.
Okay. That mean snarl look. When you're...
You know, it was hard to get over the don't touch, don't...
Let's don't do any of it.
I love the taste. I love the smell. I love it.
So that's good.
Naughty, naughty. You are the best. I... I'm pleased myself. Everything down there is dirty.
You can sense that sexual chemistry. You can...
Fucking good.
Call me daddy.
Yeah!
It's like having all three stooges in here together at one time.
It's like having the...
Spread out.
It's like having the Marxist brothers and the strokers.
It's like having the three stooges in here.
Do you remember the rich brothers and the...
And one person. The trinity all in one.
Yeah.
That's the way it's supposed to be.
He's the three stooges god.
It's all wrapped up in one thing.
Dave is the three stooges...
God.
...unified field theory.
Are you sure you three gentlemen have moved furniture before?
Well, we here at Larry Curley and Mohamed know how to not only move the furniture around, we can move the interspacial dimensions in your psyche around, buddies. Just sit down in the chair there.
And pay attention to the lights.
Open your mouth.
Open your mouth.
Here comes the drill.
Allah says good, God says good, God, God, God. Got something for you now. Swallow, swallow, swallow.
There you go. You're drilling on your front.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. I just want to tell you, man, I just saw the show and it was like so intense, man. And I...
Oh, man, I was... Wow, man. And I was wondering, like, can I ask you a question, man?
Well, like, I've been taking this course on performance. What's the difference between...
I'm from Willem Dafoe, right?
Actually, from this woman who used to work with Willem Dafoe. And I was watching you up there tonight, man. And, like, she's been teaching us about breathing and stuff. And, like, you breathe so great, man.
And I was just wondering, man, like, could I buy you a cup of coffee? We could go, like, rap for an hour or two. Is that possible?
Cool, man. Cool. I understand. No, no. Look, I'm amazed I'm even, like, talking to you, man. Like, it's unbelievable. Like, just thanks for talking to me, man.
I just want to tell you, man, I love your shit.
I think, like, you and Gary Oldman and Steven Seagal are doing, like, the only interesting shit out there right now, man.
And I just want to tell you, man, I think you're a fucking genius, man.
And me, I'm a performer, you know, like you. Well, not like you, you know, but...
Well, like you, you know, actually a lot like you, man. Some of the stuff you do, man, it's like you've been to our shows, you, like, stole my stuff and everything, you know.
I mean, I know you didn't, you know.
But, oh, man, I wish you could check our shit out, man. I know you'd like it, man.
It's like me and this other guy, he, like, plays music, you know, because you got to have music, you know, for marketing reasons, MTV, all that stuff, you know.
I mean, you don't have to worry about that shit. You're old and everything, you know.
But, like, last week we did this one show, man, and I did this thing where I took this human skull, right, and I covered it with cheese food and I stuck it on this stick and I put the stick on this, like, thing on my back, this spring, right.
And, like, it could have wobbled back and forth.
And when I was on stage, I'm, like, going, like, dancing around and, like, the head was, like, popping next to my head.
It was like, oh, a head, shit.
And I grabbed it.
I started biting the face off of it and, like, the flesh was, like, hanging out of my mouth, man.
Oh, man, it was so weird, man.
So weird, man.
Oh, man.
Yeah, I smoke pot, yeah.
No, no, man.
But, like, we did this other thing, man, where we went down, the best thing we ever did, we went down to the meat market.

And we got all these, like, pig's guts and blood and everything.
And we filled up these, like, Ziploc bags.
And then we gaffers taped them to our skin underneath our clothes.
And the audience didn't even know they were there, right.
Like, we're just doing the show, right, me and the guy.
And all of a sudden, we just pull out these straight razors.
We slit our stomachs open.
All the blood is, like, hanging out of the intestines and shit.
We're, like, slipping on the blood and everything.
I, like, slipped.
I fell down and then I cut my eye right there, see.
Four stitches, man.
Like art imitating life, you know.
Yeah, that's what everybody says.
Yeah, that's what they say about us.
Intense, man.
Yeah.
But it's kind of frustrating, too, you know, because we, like, play all these gigs and we can't get any, like, agents or managers to come and check us out or anything, you know.
Try to make our career move forward and everything, you know.
It's frustrating, yeah.
Must be great to play in a place like this, man.
The Knitting Factory.
Whoa.
Fucking Knitting Factory, man.
You must have had somebody, like, set this up for you and stuff, yeah?
Like an agent or something.
You have an agent, man?
Who's your agent?
William Morris.
Cool, man.
I want to be a William Morris, too, man.
I want to do what you did, man.
I want to destroy the system from inside the system, man.
Just like you and Johnny Depp and Pearl Jam, man.
All you guys, man.
So cool, man.
You know, it's weird you should bring up your agent, man, because I'm like, man, I'm not going to do that.

I'm going to be a man, man, because I happen to have a video of some of my performances right here.
And I was wondering, man, if you could...
Yo, yo, yo, man.
Man, I was just talking to you, man, and I was going to give you the...
Man, yeah, but you just walked away from me while I was talking, man.
I feel like an asshole here, you know?
I know you have someplace to go, man.
I have some place to go, too, okay?
And I'm taking the time out to talk to you right now, okay, man?
I mean, the least you can...
Okay, it's cool, man.
It's cool.
I understand, man.
I mean, you're a big deal and everything.
And I'm nobody, right?
I'm just like a, you know, like, piece of fucking shit, right?
So it's cool, man.
No, just...
No, no, I understand, man.
No, man, it's all right.
I understand, man.
You know, like, you got your thing, I got my thing.
I just want you to understand something, okay, man?
I mean, just because you get your name in the paper and people come to see your shows and everything
doesn't mean that your shit's better than my shit, okay, man?
Our shit is the same shit, okay, man?
And, like, you know, people must have helped you out when you were starting out, man.
Anybody ever help you out, motherfucker?
Cool, cool.
What's this?
This is your agent?
Thanks, man.
Oh, man, you're so cool, man.
I knew you were cool.
Thank you, man.
Oh, that's great.
Thanks so much.
That's really great.
So I can just drop this off at him and it's...
Great, man.
Great.
Thank you, man.
Hey, listen.
Listen, before you go, man, I'm gonna be performing next week and I'll get in touch with your agent.
I'll put your name on the list.
You can just get right in on the door, man.
You should come, man.
And, like, bring your agent if you want, you know, and have some fun together, you know?
I'm gonna be performing next week and I'll get in touch with your agent.
I was talking to Harvey Keitel on the street the other day and, like, he might be coming
and I wrote a letter to Christian Slater and, well, he was gonna come but I guess he can't
now but you should come, man, you know?
It'll be good for you for your career.
You can, like, network and stuff.
Cool, man.
Okay, man.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, man.
I got, like, voicemail and stuff.
I'll leave my number on the card.
I'll leave with your agent if you ever need any advice or any help or anything.
I got a homepage, man.
So okay, man.
All right, man.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Love it.
Amazing, dear friends.
So horribly true to life.
A little piece there by Eric Boghossian.
There's no answer yet.
It's God's own boy.
It's a mo company, you won't.
Somebody.
It's gotta be somebody.
There's gotta be some reason, some way, some, some...
Monster, everything is prepared for Saturday.
I told you never to call me here at the office.
Yes, master.
Everything is prepared.
Oh, I just said the same thing that he said.
Well, it's catching.
November 29th in Detroit at the Magic Stick at the Majestic.
Another one.
A devival that you guys weren't invited to because there was five local bands there.
Oh, we were not invited.
That's why you weren't invited.
We don't rate.
And I was because I don't play anything and they didn't have to worry about competition
from me.
But it's a whole bunch of offensively named bands.
Well, I think to any musician...
The Jesus Punchers, the God...
Jesus Punchers?
The Cross Punchers, the God Killers...
Both the Cross Punchers and the Jesus Punchers and the God Killers.
The Father Rapers.
Yeah, the Amino Acids, which are the subgenius band.
Well, what are they?
Are they just like kind of lackluster erudition flotsam that comes from here and goes to there?
You just have to go to there and find out.
Find out?
Yes, friends, find out.
November 29th, the Magic Stick in Detroit.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And you can find out more at www.subgenius.com about the word of Bob and the church of the
subgenius.
And now, let us go back finally to close the show and hear Dr. Howell at the Indie Vival.
And now, as I close off my segment, I will conclude with a psychic message from an early subgenius, Bill Blake.
I traveled through a land of men, a land of men and women too, and heard and saw such dreadful things as cold earth wanderers never knew.
For there the Bob is born in joy that is conceived of in dire woe, just as we reap in joy the fruit which we in bitter tears do so.
And if the Bob is born a boy, he's given to a woman old who nails him down upon a rock, catches his shrieks in cups of gold.
She binds iron thorns about his head.
She pierces both his hands and feet.
She cuts his heart.
She cuts his heart out at its side to make it feel both cold and heat.
Her fingers number every nerve just as a miser counts his gold.
She lives upon his shrieks and cries.
And she grows young as he grows old.
Till he becomes a bleeding youth and she becomes a virgin bright.
Then he rends up his manacles and binds her down for his delight.
Woo!
And he finds himself in all her nerves just as a husbandman his mold.
And she becomes his dwelling place and garden fruitful seventyfold.
An aged shadow, soon Bob fades, wandering round an earthly cot, fulfilled all with gems and gold which he by slackfulness had got.
For these are the gems of the human soul, the ruby and pearl of the lovesick eye.
The countless gold of the aching heart.
The martyrs groan.
The lovers sigh.
They are his meat.
They are his drink.
He feeds the beggar and the poor.
And the wayfaring traveler, forever open is his door.
His grief is their eternal joy.
They make the roofs and walls to ring.
Till from the fire on the hearth a little female bob does spring.
And she is all of solid fire.
And gems and gold that none his hand dare stretch to touch her baby form or wrap her in his swaddling band.
But she comes to the man she loves.
If young or old or rich or poor, they soon drive out the aged Bob.
A beggar at another's door.
He wanders weeping far away.
Until some other take him in, oft blind and age-bent, sore distressed.
Until he can a maiden win.
And to allay his freezing age, the poor man takes her in his arms.
The cottage fades before his sight.
The garden and its lovely charms.
The guests are scattered through the land.
For the eye altering alters all.
The senses wrap themselves in fear.
And the flat earth becomes a ball.
The stars, sun, moon all shrink away.
A desert vast without a bound.
And nothing left to eat or drink.
But a dark desert all around.
The honey of her infant lips.
The bread and wine of her sweet smile.
The wild game of her rosy eye.
Does him to infancy beguile.
For as he eats and drinks, he grows younger and younger every day.
And on the desert wide they both wander in terror and dismay.
Like the wild stag she flees away.
Her fear plants many a thicket wild.
While he pursues her night and day by various arts of love beguiled.
By various arts of love and hate.
Till the wide desert planted o'er with labyrinths of wayward love.
Where roam the lion, wolf and boar.
Till he becomes a wayward youth and she a weeping woman old.
Then many a lover wanders.
Here the stars and sun are nearer rolled.
The trees give forth sweet ecstasy.
To all that in the desert roam.
And many a city builded here.
And many a pleasant shepherd's home.
But when they spy the grinning bob.
Terror strikes through the region wide.
They cry, the bob, the bob is born.
And flee away on every side.
For who dare touch that grinning face.
His arm is withered to the root.
Lions, wolves, boars all howling flee.
And every tree does shed its fruit.
And none dare touch that grinning form.
Except it be a woman old.
She nails him down upon the rock.
And all is done as I have told.
Thank you.
Been sitting here a long time.
And no one's come to our rescue.
I'm just wondering about those few soldiers left over by the gymnast war.
Guarding the erectile building.
They're the National Board of Healthiness.
And of course the artifacts museum.
Look there's another picture of Saddam Hussein coming out of there.
Everyone is cheering and laughing.
Till next week.
Back to the wind.
Her hat on tight.
And your snack firmly seated in the sand.
Ow!
It is one of the five pillows of WCSB.
I always land on that saddle horn wrong.
And you like it that way son.
Oh!
Come on get closer.
This time we're going to ride the donkey.
Ow!
I'm going to strap you.
Ow!
This is the end.
Get your little friend.
This is the end.
My only friend.
The end.
It hurts to set you free.
But you'll never follow me.
Cleveland is the reason why I live in Texas.
Okay now comb your hair.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and take a look at white men.
Paid for by Cleveland.
Myこんにちは
Poss curtains
Asiatic
Dollar
Thank you.
Thank you.
