From PR News in Washington, I'm converging in Cleveland, Ohio, home to Afghanistan.
In January 2010, the Obama administration would be approved for release,
and the Americans wanted violence.
And in this instance, they're coming to raise hell, a fussing fight.
NASA's Orion spacecraft is protesting normalized PR.
Engineers are beginning to examine Amy Green around the Earth.
There had been concerns Amy Green might crack.
Back retailers across the country today.
Today is predicted to be the largest day of the year.
Today will be 3.8% higher than PR News in Washington.
What do we do now?
The only thing we can do, Robin.
The hour of slur.
Oh, no, sir, not that.
I'm afraid so, Alfred.
That man would be the first to say so if he were here.
And if you do not believe me, try turning on your water faucets at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
2 o'clock?
2 o'clock!
Mama, mama, mama, please.
Thank you.
Cash Award.
Another thing that was prevalent in the olden days,
it was customary for a sideshow announcer, spieler, or barker in the olden days
before the advent of loud speaking systems, amplifiers, microphones,
or even...
even megaphones.
That when we came to the circus grounds or the lot,
immediately following a parade,
the first announcement would be,
ladies and gentlemen,
the management has been advised
that there is a group of pickpockets trailing off following the circus.
I want to assure you here and now
that the circus has nothing whatsoever to do
with this gang of thieves.
And so that everyone can rest easy and be assured
that we do not have anything to do with it,
please reach and see that your valuables are safe.
And with that warning, everyone would say...
they'd feel as some of the ladies would look to see where they had the money pinned
if Dad didn't carry it.
The old men would reach to see where they had the long pocketbooks folded up.
And that was the signal for the gang to really go to work
because we had to go to work.


We had already located where the valuables were held.
And it didn't take long for us to have five or six complaints
and all we'd say, didn't we warn you?
We warned everyone out here.
And if you were careless, that is your fault and not ours.
Of course, for making that announcement,
if you were a good announcer
and we got good locations of where the valuables were hidden,
our portion of the loot was 10%.
And many a day the takers,
and very, very good.
The miracle of America.
This, people say, is worth the price of admission alone.
It is.
It's one of my jewelry cases with the anti-tarnish lining inside.
Love that.
Wealth money.
Privatization.
Wealth money.
Free markets.
Monetization.
Ownership.
A great deal of money.
Now, we can afford that.
A lot of his advisors compare the current downturn to the Great Depression.
We don't know his comparison to Herbert Hoover.
I mean, is it possible it can get that bad?
I mean, we're talking...
Let's rest it up.
Let's rest it up.
The Great Depression was more expensive to make something
than you could sell it for.
That's the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
It's unacceptable.
Top can make the bad news happen.
And why can't all of us at the bottom get together
and make the good news happen for a change?
I mean, for real.
Now back to Tales of the Texas Rangers.
We'll be right back.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, my heart is for my honey and my brain is for my job.
But my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, Bobby goes to Brockman every chance that he can get.
He can outperform the biggest without even breaking sweat.
So I gave him all.
My money reverence.
Thanks that it was right.
And for only $20, he could save my soul tonight.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
No more can look conspiracy.
My lonely wages rob.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie.
And Connie is her name.
And her ways could put the sacred whore of Babylon to shame.
She reaches in Bob's pocket, feels around for something hard.
Then pulls her hand out, holding on to his mighty credit card.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
And I never have to fear coming home.
Because I know Connie's on the job.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, you may have your lady and your horny green man, too.
Their existential energy may be what's right for you.
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cubs.
And give away your money to the one that gets rich.
And your wallet will be for Bob.
Yes, your wallet will be for Bob.
And you will be subgenius, not another stupid flop.
And your wallet will be for Bob.
Well, I believe I am much calmer.
Got the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Sitting on the dashboard of my car.
Praise Bob!
Wee!
Bob!
Ha ha ha!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Money back!
Bob Bob!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Wee!
Yeah!
Play ball!
Wee!
Xing!
Noti!
Douchebag!
Ain't nobody heard arrests Feather?


If rabies is a sjátos problem in the Netherlands,
why is he all alone?
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Believe it or not, this is not Jimi Hendrix in the background,
but the Cosmic Hoedown Band, Maruga Booker,
and the Cosmic Hoedown Band,
and the ladies we heard singing before that
with the song My Wallet Belongs to Bob,
that was not the Andrews sisters,
but Sister Melodious Chops,
also known as Victoria Ganger and Revelry,
which is the band that Princess Wee sings in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And both of them are going to be at the Beachland Ballroom
this Saturday night performing at a benefit
of the Cosmic Hoedown Band.
A free benefit known as the Winter Star Ball.
I guess the first annual Winter Star Ball
this Saturday night, March 21st.
It is the premier, first on Earth Winter Star Ball, yes.
The first half of this show will be music
by the bands that are going to be playing at the Winter Star Ball.
Right now in the background we're hearing Mayan Ruins.
Coming up we'll hear Fat Man D,
and Steve English, and Brian Henke, and more.
And then in the second half of the show, Preaching.
But now, Mayan Ruins.
Mayan Ruins.
Mayan Ruins.
Mayan Ruins.
Maverick and figurehead dislikers
When I was young I joined the circus
I came up with freaks.
It's true, but while I saw the nation I only dreamed of kissing you
I sang to lovely rubber men and full fire breathing bikes
We didn't have no Facebook so you could not count the likes
I got when I ate them light bulbs so when I pounded that spike
Through my tongue and through my heart cause there's no brakes upon these bikes
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you
Hey, fat chick, you had it coming to you
We left from San Francisco all the way to Brooklyn town
It's amazing how far you travel on the powers of a cloud
Lost some in Minneapolis, gained some more in New Orleans
But me, I hail from Pittsburgh, yeah, you don't know what that means
We got to go to New Orleans, yeah, yeah, yeah
We got lots of freaks and dead queens and burlesques by the score
But our jazz men, they are righteous, they helped to fight this war
We've got Metropolitan

I go around and I get past these moors
Moving upänder and once they meet me
Working my way up Kinne seconds
Lydia, I disagree on your yellings
She's still stayed in the city失眠
I ain't recommend sending her on the road yet She's just my friend Dr. Rous часов
Your town's where commonest, you should lock up them men
Cause this fat chick, she's a-singin' with her band and with her friends
She's got dancers, she's got fire, she's got jazz and she's got freaks
Her poems cut with fierceness that we ain't seen since the beats
She's large and she's lovely, so don't forget to stare
When you laugh, you'll all be wonderin' if you can find what life is there
Hey, fat chick, you got it comin' to you
Hey, fat chick, you got it comin' to you
Hey, fat chick, you had it comin' to you
Hey, fat chick, you got it comin' to you
Hey, fat chick, you got it comin' to you
Hey, fat chick, you had it comin' to you
One day it just came out of the blue, out of somewhere.
And I started playing it at gigs and stuff like that, almost recorded it.
And someone very special in me died, and I realized why I'd been playing it.
It's the natural thing just happen like that.
You just don't plan it, it just happens.
And this is a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
It's a song that I call the Stone Cold Blues.
Yes dear friends, that's our buddy Steve English on guitar.
He will be performing at the Winter Star Ball this Saturday.
And I'll be there as MC.
I'll be introducing bands.
and probably get a little bit of Bob Preysen in.
But it's not really a subgenius show.
It's mostly music from 7 o'clock to closing.
But at noon, there will be workshops and a psychic fair and all kinds of stuff.
That's at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland.
I know our listeners who aren't near Cleveland may be missing out,
but that's one reason why we're playing this stuff right now.
Right.
And as I said, it's not a subgenius thing.
It's actually kind of a fundraiser and a memorial of our late friend Jeff Rosenbaum,
known to subgeniuses as St. Stymie de Bergerac.
He was one of the two guys that started the Starwood Festival,
and the Starwood Festival is what led to all sorts of things,
such as me being...
I'm being here now.
He introduced me to Princess Wee and, well, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
who, by the way, can't call in tonight.
Nobody can.
The phones are down.
But next week.
Now, in the background, we hear a different guitar player.
This is Brian Henke, spelled H-E-N-K-E, of Cleveland,
from his CD called, I think it's called Seven Magic Spells.
And we'll listen to this for a minute, and then we'll be back.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶



¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶







¶¶
¶¶






¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
Yes, dear friends, Brian Henke there.
As I said, he'll be performing at the Winterstar
Ball.
Let's see.
All together.
Yeah.
Once again, let me get this straight for those of you in Cleveland.
This is a free benefit, but it's an all-day show with vending workshops and psychic fair
that starts at 12 noon.
Also during the day, there will be door prizes, lots of raffles.
There will be workshops all day.
Hey.
From noon till 7.
Those prizes.
Should we throw some subgenius stuff into it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
Maybe some of the big posters for the art show with the ... That might be ... Well,
we'll see.
We'll have some kind of subgenius stuff there to benefit ... What we're trying to do, actually,
I'm speaking as a member of Association of Consciousness Exploration, known as ACE for
short.
They put on great parties like Starwood and the old Winterstar, which was held indoors
at a resort.
And I did some of my best preaching.
I'm preaching at those things, if I do say so.
Once again, in the background here, we have Maruga Booker and the Cosmic Hoedown Band.
I actually recorded this at Starwood, I think two years ago.
And they'll be playing ... They've got two members of the Parliament Funkadelic All-Stars
are in that band.
Yes, sirree.
I'm guessing the guitar player must be one.
Yes, I would imagine so.
But also, the guitar player is a great guitarist.

Well, that's the kind of music that you jump up and down and dance to.
Then there's the music you listen to with your eyes closed, like Mayan ruins, where
your brain and eyes will do a painting.
And Brian Henke.
Right.
Yeah.
And Awen and Revelry doing pagan music.
Who knows?
Maybe a little Bob music.
I don't know.
Yes.
I think there's a distinct possibility.
Yes.
No?
So, yeah.
That's what's coming up.
And it's cool.
Cool.
Where is the Beachland Ballroom located?
15711 Waterloo, near 156 exit off of 90.
So we will see some of you there, I hope.
Be nice.
As I said ... Princess Wee, did you have anything else to add?
to that that I may have left off I can't oh you can in there on Starwood
festival.com you can read my rant about Jeff Rosenbaum yes and maybe understand
a little bit about why we're going to this much trouble we want to raise money
to buy to make a really cool headstone for it that's one reason we're trying to
raise money the other one is for to continue to archive and make available
all the keen recordings that were made in 35 years worth of Starwood festival
some of that stuff's been released on CDs but there's including subgenius CDs
but there's a lot more and and we'd like to archive the high-res copies a lot of
it was shot by professional video crews in in the about 10 years 10 years worth
uh-huh
10 years worth of stuff and we're going to do a lot of that stuff and we're going to
do a lot of that stuff and we're going to do a lot of that stuff and we're going to

10 years ago before the identity theft cost us so much and that stuff ought to
be on YouTube or someplace yes someday where people can get to it I think just
about the only thing I didn't hear you mention is that there will be vending by
some really unique merchants people that often will be merchants at a Starwood
festival or a winter star yeah if you want your aura pierced if you want your
crystal named if you want your o-ring
blown if you want to have handcrafted soaps and lotions by someone that makes
them themselves with nifty herbs yes there will be all kinds of unusual
unique vending hippie stuff a bunch of hip now come on let's say it it's a bunch
of hippie stuff come on yeah it kind of is a bunch of hippie stuff I'll come
right out and say that praise Bob praise Bob
well back to Bob and the church you know I feel kind of
deaf right now because we're having to work out of a different studio, the production
studio. That brand new fancy equipment we got, it's kind of down right now. And this
headphone doesn't have a volume control. It's set for normal people's ears. So I can only
half hear what's going on. I can't wait to go home and listen to this show.
I can vouchsafe that it sounds great!
Um, in a little while I'm going to... Oh, good, good. I'll take your word for it, Princess
Wee. You're so sweet. I'm gonna, we're gonna, uh, because we don't have Dave, we're gonna
let Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond blabber through the last part of the show. But, um,
I do have a couple of things I've brought to read. And neither of which is by me. You'll
be so glad to hear. But here's one. This was just posted to the subgenius, the members-only
subgenius forum.
Subgenius.


Not to be confused with all the Facebook pages. Scrubgenius. It was posted by our other
radio buddy, Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio.
Praise Phineas!
And you can find that at, uh, nationalsynical.com. But he did this kind of a poem, uh, which
he calls Rant of the Phineas. Or I could, we could say Brag of the Phineas.
It's great. I love it.
And here goes.
How long is this music gonna run?
Two minutes? That'll do it.
Oh no, no, that won't do it. I'm gonna pull that music out.
Cause they start singing. I just remembered.
Oh, ok.
I'll turn it up for the next thing. Rant of the Phineas.
I'm a lazy workaholic. Of the poor, I'm the richest. I'm a god-fearing agnostic and a shy
exhibitionist. I'm a coward looking for a fight. I'm guilty as I'm blameless. I hide my problems
in plain sight and secretly I'm famous. I'm a modest egomaniac and a real damn fake. I'm good
when bad and bad when good and nice for goodness sake. I've accomplished great and wondrous things
but haven't gotten far. I do not watch the TV set. I do not own a car. I'm rewardian and emergentile
all wrapped up in enigma. I used to play accordion but I couldn't stand the stigma. Sorry about that.
I'm a total teetotaler who struggles with addiction. I'm at odds with who I am sometimes,
a walking contradiction. But I'm not content to be one thing. I'm proud of my
humility. To try and pin me down would be an act of pure futility. Some years from now they'll all
look back and say who was that man and what was all that nonsense pouring out of his brain pan.
But I'll be in the ground by then and doing time in heaven. My face will be on slurpy cups at your
local 7-Eleven. So pay attention now dear friends. I won't come round again. Like you I don't know
where I'm going.
But here is where I've been.
Isn't that sweet?
You can get back on the mic and laugh again now Princess Wee.
She laughed at that thing all through as I was practicing it in the car and I didn't I didn't
want you to step on it. Oh now speaking of stepping on it this is in the background now we have Mayan
ruins.
Where do those guys mostly live?
Cincinnati.
Cincinnati?
I believe so yes.
That's what I thought. Yeah we see them at Starwood very frequently. They have one of those lady
violinists. You can't go wrong with a lady violinist. Reminds me of Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Anyway before I let the Puzzling Evidence show take over this show
which I think is a great show.




is what I'm going to do.
I have an actual sermon.
It's not by me.
It's by the good Reverend Roger.
And I also copied this off of the
internet subgenius forum
known as Scrap Genius,
which you can contribute to
and lurk on
if you're a subgenius minister.
Anyway,
so you may ask yourself,
well, who's on this train anyhow?
And I'm here to tell you,
brothers and sisters,
Elvis is on that train.
Hank is on that train.
Roy Orbison, Johnny Cash,
Emperor Norton, Smedley Butler,
and Lysander Spooner
are on that train.
I'm on that train
and I hope you're on that train.
Can I get a hallelujah?
Can I get a hell yeah?
And who isn't on that train?
Who's standing
on the tracks with their pants
around their ankles
and a silly grin on their faces?
Why, seven billion monkeys,
that's who.
Seven billion people
who believe the lies
and distortions of the conspiracy,
the con,
the conspiracy of the normals.
The seven billion people
who worry about the phenords,
who settled for second best,
who traded their godhood
for cheap plastic crap.
Just leave us our iPods,
they say,
just leave us our cable TV
and we'll pretend not to notice
that we're being reamed
by bankers and congressmen
and crooked cops
and the horrible people
down at the Department of Motor Vehicles.
They are damned, my friends,
brothers and sisters,
they are on the road to perdition.
Can I get a witness?
Ladies and gentlemen,
the late J.R. Bob Dobbs once said,
I don't practice what I preach
because I'm not the kind of person
I'm preaching to
and I hope you aren't either.
Are you the kind of person
he was preaching to?
Do you cling to your trinkets
while sweating the mind-boggling level
of debt you have?
Do you seek out causes to champion,
causes that are guaranteed
to screw you six ways from Sunday
should they ever be realized?
Do you put your faith
in political or economic models
that benefit only the people
that are already screwing you?
I hope not, friends.
I hope that you've seen
through the cheap glitz
and the shuffling corpses on your TV.
I hope that you remember
that the only spider
is in your head.
I hope you remember
what Curly was trying to tell us,
what Johnny Cash told us,
and what James Brown was screaming
out the car window
as he led cops
on a four-state car chase.
If you haven't,
all I can tell you is this.
The train is about to pull away
from the station,
but the doors are still open.
All you have to do
is let go.
Let go of the rubbish
they sold you.
Let go of the beliefs
you've been told you have to have.
Let go of the crutches
like religion and magic
and myths of the free market trademark.
And screw up with pride,
my friends.
Time may be a little
elastic these days,
but time is short
and it's getting even shorter.
It's time to decide
whether you're going to be
on the train
or on the tracks.
You don't need
ivory tower economic theory.
You need a job.
You don't need
Keith Olbermann
or Rush Limbaugh
or Ron Paul.
You need that
seven pounds of gray stuff
between your ears.
You don't need sigils
and patchouli
or fake patriotism.
You need common sense.
Hell, you don't even need Bob,
but you still have to send your money.
All you need,
all you need, friends,
is good friends
and Saturday night.
And we can all sip cheap whiskey
and smoke lousy cigars
and laugh at all the poor bastards
who managed to justify
why being on the tracks
is the only sensible option
for right-thinking people.
We here in the Church of the Subgenius say
if they can't take a joke.
And I'm here to tell you
the joke is on them.
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay.
Ah, yes.
Thank you and a good night.
And I'll drop that Mayan ruins down
a little bit.
And, uh, I think we'll, uh...
I think we'll, uh...
I think we'll go to the news.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm throwing rocks at vehicles
at the senior living facility
with dozens currently at the bottom of the sea.
The Israeli army says Australia.
The Israeli military says Australia.
Australia spotted an Australian oil slick
spotted in Borneo.
Also spotted in Indian PR News in Australia.
Australia and Sydney.
PR's from Washington.
On Wall Street 5-6-1860,
five residents say this is PR.
Becoming more simple,
becoming more complex.
Meaning stop, stop.
PR's reports were up almost 7%
over the holidays last year.
PR News absolutely exceeded expectations
through Saturday, the biggest ever.
And, er...
This morning, Mayor Bill de Blasio declared
I want a day to is deceived.
Should you have what?
His lawyers say they need more PR News from Washington.
Cowboy Ed and his caterpillar
Running out across the plains
Watching from the westward
Clothing up all the aphids
Cowboy Ed can't complain
It's all in a day's work
Cowboy Ed is glad to be of service
Don't squish him, it only makes him nervous
Once upon a time in the west
Ed was a normal sized boy
Who wanted to be a cowboy
Something happened to shrink him
To the size of a bug
He didn't let that stop him
Cowboy Ed is glad to be of service
Don't squish him, it only makes him nervous
Poor Scorn, seven years ago
Our fathers brought forth all this
Clowning a new nation
Considerely, I'm a cowboy. It's all in a day's work.
Liberty and debt are
Hidden to the proposition
All men are created equal
Not so much an honest and what's said
Still ain't true even for Cowboy Ed
Ha ha ha ha Ed
Things change and people control
Things change and people slight
CLOWNING A NEW NATION



Men are fastieni
Clowning a new world



They are办rzy
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Tune in next week, cowboy, and we'll fly
When this evening comes above the line
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, yes, dear friends, Tommy Amoeba and his band.
Tommy Amoeba will be at the Winter Star Ball,
but not his band.
He may do a duet.
Yes, he might do one number with his wife.
He might do it with his beautiful wife, Fat Mandy,
who is fat in every sense of the word
and as beautiful as her voice,
which is really beautiful.
I was thinking Mandy's voice snakes around you,
especially when it's double-tracked like on these albums.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, that was...
That was from Tommy Amoeba's CD.
He's got a CD out, and Mandy has a new CD out.
Tommy's...
Tommy Amoeba and his band have played
at several X-Day Drills subgenius shows,
and I especially love that song,
The Legend of Cowboy Ed and His Caterpillar,
because Tommy does a costume change on stage
and metamorphoses into the caterpillar.
Indeed he does.
And then he strips off the caterpillar,
and there he is, a lovely butterfly,
or a pot-bellied middle-aged hippie man.
In a Speedo.
In a Speedo, as the case may be.
It's really, really pretty enthralling.
It is.
When he wraps the whole congregation up,
the entire audience up in American flag ribbon.
Yes.
That creates great togetherness and patriotism.
Yes, he threads us all together with the crepe paper.
It's beautiful.
Beautiful thing.
Yeah, you never know what's going to happen
at one of these subgenius-y type shows,
and we don't know for sure what's going to happen this weekend,
but we'll let you know next week, I guess.
Meanwhile, I'm going to let those two jabbering jabberwockies,
Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Hal Robbins,
take us all the way to the end of this show.
I don't know where they're going to take us entirely.
I've only listened to about 20 minutes of this,
so your guess is as good as mine.
Well, but it's one of the three subgenius radio shows
that are real shows.
I mean, real radio broadcast shows and not podcasts.
No offense to our podcasting brethren,
but these are shows where we have to be careful not to cuss
because it really is going out over the airwaves
and there's laws about that kind of thing.
And also, we're concerned about keeping you entertained.
So I'm going to shut up and let these guys go.
This is from the...
Well, one of the...
The other two subgenius shows, just so you know,
one, of course, is Suzy the Flusy's Bob's Slack Time Funhouse
on WREK in Atlanta.
Praise Suzy!
Praise Suzy on WREK.
And the other professional full-time, 20 years,
35 years at it, is the Puzzling Evidence Show,
run by Puzzling Evidence,
with Philo and Hal running their mouths, as heard here.
She's doing it for...
It works.
Yeah.
It works.
Now just put a big, giant Dobbs head statue in the background.
A few of them with their arms raised like this.
See, I have to have some of them like this.
Do that different.
This is actually looking backward.
Next time I'll do it where you're looking at the back row, looking forward,
and then you'd have them with their hands praised in exaltation
as the Dobbs head ran forth.
Prepare for hatch closure and...
The dots themselves start to envelop everyone in the worship circle.
It's not for no reason that Dobbs is manufactured of dots.
Oh, darn.
There goes my...
J-R dot bot.
Oh, you better go get your eggs.
No, it's my...
I'm making some holy bread.
It's hot.
Are you still into that Whole Foods thing?
Used to do.
There's that chip to show our wireless transmission.
It's coming from now.
Are you like...
Like, remember when you were into the Whole Foods and you would, like,
eat a whole squirrel?
That's what they mean by Whole Foods.
You have to eat everything.
You had to eat the whole squirrel.
Yes, you have to eat the...
First you had to camp out in the park and catch the squirrel.
Beefalo right down to the hooves and the chimes.
So he was like one of those park trappers, you know,
the guy that lives in the park and traps the varmints that...
try to make...
eek out a living in the park as well.
The rumen, the cud, the tail.
Yeah, he makes a little bit out of everything.
Even anus rings.
Those are, some people say, the best part.
Well, sausages are classically made out...
Takes a lot of squirrels to get a whole batch of those, though.
If you're the Emperor Heliogabalus,
you can just send out the troops to collect them.
Timer ceased.
Seed space up.
I need more hummingbirds.
Man, this is a good...
This is a good...
This is a good book.
I'm gonna see if it's available.
I wanna get a copy.
Oh, good.
By Jack Hamm, a great cartoonist.
H-A-M-M.
No kidding, man.
He was awesome.
Everybody, every cartoonist should know how to draw Uncle Sam and Mr. H-Bomb
and all these strange characters that only appear...
Oh, yeah. Cowboy on the H-Bomb.
Right.
I think, whatever I wanna go with mine is clip art.
Uncle Sam.
The new clip art.
Well, you could do it, I suppose.
It's gonna be retro, though. Retro-new.
Hmm.
Neo-retro.
I guess so. Everything old is new again. Everything borrowed is blue again.
Vanity of vanities. All is vanity.
The interesting thing is nobody really talks about it when it's in...
Like, when it's halfway old.
It's not new and it's not old yet. It's sort of in the middle.
That's the time to get in on the ground floor, when it's only halfway old.
You...
What is it?
You know, but wouldn't you start...
Probably get in on the mezzanine level if you...
If it was halfway old and stuff?
...stood the ground floor?
Well, you have to have some vision.
You have to act.
You've got really...
Strike when the iron is hot.
The more vision you have, the closer to the basement you're gonna get when you get in.
That's the important thing to remember. If you can get in it when it's at the basement level...
...you're really gonna cash.
Just, uh, tip the janitor and he'll let you in after hours.
Yeah, tip the janitor and you're gonna really, really break in the cash this time.
It won't be like all those other... all those other hundreds of times.
When you knew you were gonna get rich, you just knew it!
And something... something happened. Somebody else messed it up for you.
Somebody who lacked vision.
Some no-good rotten yellow rat came in and messed up your good thing.
And now you have to deal with that.
Or you had to anyway back then when it happened.
Deal with that rat?
I'll show you how to deal with a big fat rat.
No-good rotten yellow rat. I'll show you how to deal with a big fat rat.
I'd like to rip his hide off.
Why, I oughta... just... I'll show you how to deal with a rat.
Take him down a peg or two.
Come here, rat.
You no-good rat bastard.
You dirty rat bastard.
You killed my mother.
Those guys that do the good Jagme imitation when they say that and they put their thumbs at their belt...
...and do their shoulders that way.
They look like, oh, that is awesome.
Who does that anymore?
Nobody knows who Jimmy Cagney is anymore.
Exactly. Even if they watch the West Point story.
You gotta watch a few of them and then you see that emerge and it's just awesome to watch them do that though.
I made it, Ma. Top of the world.
And the show, just like the Puzzling Evidence show, at the top of the world.
Right now, for you.
Well, uh, Saint Stupid's Day is coming, so everyone should get ready, uh, for it.
Unless, of course, X-Day happens before Saint Stupid's Day. Then it would be too bad.
Can't happen until July, uh, 5th.
Well, you know, we got... I've been thinking about that. We got the year wrong.
So maybe we got the month wrong, too.
Well, we got everything wrong and we have no idea when it might be.
So we have to hold on to something. July 5th, uh...
We know it's gonna happen on a day in a year.
On one of 365 days in some year, it's going to happen. There's no doubt.
It's an absolute, veritable truth that it will happen. It's just that...
According to the recent theory, the paper was upside down...
...where people were saying, uh...
Bob wrote it, and it's actually 8,661, not 1998...
Ah, yeah, that makes sense.
...that it was happening in. But upside down, July 5th is just, uh...
...Sel, uh... something, uh...
Well, in the future, we rename the months to, like, it's gonna be Seluj or something like that.
Oh, the month of Philo, the month of Stang...
The month of Dr. Howe.
What do you want them to call your month, Dr. Howe, when we take over?
Uh...
Do you want to have a special name, like, what, something with ember on the end? You know, like, next timber, or...
Well, that means it's in the winter. Why do you give me a month when it's all cold and everything?
I want to have Froptober, I think.
Months with, uh, cool short names of the summer and spring months.
Yeah, like...
Like Hal, yeah.
A month, the month of Hal. That's a good one.
I'm gonna... But I'm gonna take over the winter, I think. I'm gonna be like Old Man Winter.
And I'm gonna take over, uh...
The wild winter.
But people will want to come to my month because it'll be Froptober.
Or the long winter out.
It'll be Good Froptober.
Often our midnight shout.
We'll probably have, uh... And, you know, during the middle of Good Froptober, we'll have Froptober Week.
Kept the cocks crowing.
Or it may be that one biological problem is causing infertility and disease.
You see, up to 15% of a man's genetic makeup is involved in reproduction.
And it's likely that those same genes play other important biological roles.
You know, I heard that the United States is in a negative growth mode now.
In other words, we're shrinking.
More people die in this country than are actually born.
We're shrinking. Oh, if that would only continue and we'd get some elbow room.
Yeah, get a little elbow room. Get some of these jerks out of my way.
The problem is we're the ones who are dying. We give more room for the jerks.
Our way. We need to get these jerks out of our way, Doctor.
Put those jerks in labor camps and, uh...
Puzzling is really busy tonight. Have you noticed that? He's just wandering around looking at things and flipping.
Yes, he's operating that complicated machinery that only he even knows the purpose of.
I don't even know how that machine can work.
It's looming here with a million dials and gauges.
It doesn't even sit on its... It levitates.
I never want to touch... It's on springs. You just touch it and it vibrates.
It's almost translucent springs.
See how it kind of flambulates when you touch it?
Some people would think it was levitating.
At about 75%, you know?
And what's... What are these red readout circles?
They look ominous, but what the hell are they? What does this mean?
It's a code that you have to... You have to go to a special school that has a lot of pain involved.
Or call the toll-free number and mention the number next to each particular component.
A recorded message will play and inform you of what you should do next.
I'm gonna give it a light punch.
There's a lot of etiology that could explain what's going on.
In general, things that aren't good for the heart probably aren't good for fertility.
But maybe it's the treatments that are causing fertility problems.
Maybe it's specific medicines people are on.
You know, Rusty Rebar is still working at the sperm bank.
He's got his inside job there.
Ah.
He thought he was gonna lose his job months ago, but they really need him.
What does he have to... What do you do at a sperm bank that's really needed?
Well, whatever it is, that's how he...
What kind of activities do you do at a sperm bank?
That's how he makes his living.
Do you have to count the sperm every now and then?
Every last one of those little devils.
You gotta make sure the books balance?
You got all the sperm that you came in with?
It's a job. At least he's employed.
Do you have to go in the vault every now and then?
And, you know, make sure everything is...
Everything is there and it's secure and...
Here's Herman, the squirming spermin.
A tiny little feller swimming in the amniotic fluid.
And suddenly, the huge egg looms in front of him.
But there are a million other little guys also trying to...
Little Spermie is right next to him. There's Sperminstein.
Yeah, I know. Get away from me.
Spermula. There's Spermuloid.
Yes, and...
Spermicula.
Right, yeah.
And Spermhauser and Spermizer.
Sperminstein.
Sperminstein. The whole Sperminstein family over there.
How...
Yeah, it's really a Spermie.
The egg will only accept one to be that magic zygote.
Do you think it's gonna be you, huh?
You think? No, no, some other sperm on the other side.
No, it's gonna be some sperm in this big pile of here.
A big...
Big...
Big...
Big pile of sperm.
Sperm.
Yeah, right.
Big pile of sperm.
It's a spermatic pileup.
Well...
Too many, uh, urethra Franklin records, I guess.
I guess so. They really stimulate that kind of action, apparently.
Yes, the furious furor and the froth of, uh...
And there's a vast difference between that...
Oh, a vast difference, yeah.
Yes.
Somehow or another, we gotta...
We gotta get back on topic here.
I guess so, yeah. We got off the topic.
We just get off the sperm.
No, we don't.
We're just gonna get out of the sperm bank back in the real world.
Well, I'm getting concerned because I make...
I'm doing poorly financially.
I've got a cash flow problem and I can't, uh, get the plastic dinosaurs
that are...
are out now, that are a wonderful new generation of them.
It's so frustrating.
I wish that...
And so I'm gonna...
On my other show, I'm gonna nakedly ask for people to do it...
to send in money and so on.
And I think on your other show you should.
Can't do it on this show.
No, you wouldn't do it on this show.
I would never, ever do it on this show.
But on your other show, I would encourage you to ask for money
and ask for them to...
What you should do is you should publish a list of the dinosaurs that you like.
I describe a different one on every show.
And have people just send it to you at your request.
And you understand, when I say dinosaur, I'm speaking very loosely
because there are many prehistoric animals themselves.
You take archosaurs and other various...
They don't even have to be reptiles.
They're prehistoric.
A dinosaurata?
It's like an arsenotherium.
Do you know what that is?
There's a new one of those made by the Colecta people in England.
It's sort of this big, bulky, rhinoceros-like mammal from the Oligocene
with two simultaneously mounted horns on its snout.
Not behind.
Not behind each other, as in the Achelodonta or the living rhinoceros of today,
but next to each other.
There was even some kind of rodent that came tunneling out of the ground
and that little devil had those twin horns on its snout.
Yeah, see, that was back in the time when animals were interesting, I think.
Much more interesting than today.
Well, all the interesting ones died out,
leaving us with the Dullesville ones.
And those are dying out, too.
We're killing everything.
But before we kill...
This generation, we killed off the giant elephants and ground sloths
and dire wolves and megatheres and giant flesh-eating pigs.
Those were terrifying things.
Giant birds, all that stuff.
Taxi Bob 3 here.
Well, what do you know?
I didn't call a taxi.
Did anyone need a taxi here?
Oh, you were piquing my interest.
Oh, oh, I see.
Talking about...
Dinosaurs.
Yes, about the prehistoric reptiles that lived millions of years ago.
Didn't Freud talk about sauropod envy?
I don't know why they would have envied, uh...
What, they envied other sauropods?
Well, maybe you know this.
What's a bigger sauropod?
That new one they discovered, Drednontosaurus?
Drednontosaurus.
Or Argentinosaurus.
Or Argentinosaurus.
Argentinosaurus, it's a whopping big.
big sauropod too. Now I'll tell you what the problem is with these remains. They're huge,
enormous, but they don't have all the bones and they have to extrapolate the possible size.
You know, one vertebra is 12 feet tall. That's a pretty large animal. But
still, you don't know exactly how large it was. So there are competing theories,
which give you quite a different length, overall length for the animal. But Dreadnoughtosaurus is
listed as being 70 tons. So that's a big one. Wow. 70 tons. I thought it was 53.7 or something
like that. No, because I'm always looking for an 80 tonner and 70 tons is the closest. Wow.
That's amazing. Also, you have to like the name Dreadnoughtosaurus. Oh, I love that name.
It's just a big sauropod, but it has some interesting features. 140,000 pound animal.
Can you imagine?
That's a lot of poundage.
They did some computerized simulations and found that those huge sauropods had to move
very slowly and very daintily because of their huge mass.
Yes, well, I wouldn't trust everything that the computer says.
And the atmosphere was a lot different then. And because of those differences,
it helped promote the large size as well, just because the environment.
Yeah, but sauropods persisted.
They did not die off in the Jurassic. And by the end, the atmosphere was kind of like it is today.
The triceratops is closer in time to us than it is to, say, an apatosaurus.
Right.
It's a long time. They had a long run.
They found that there's some predators that were actually larger and more massive than
trinosaurus.
That's correct.
Crocodile.
And they seem to...





They seem to be enormous allosaurids like Carcharodontosaurus and Giganotosaurus carolini.
Yeah.
And even spinosaurus.
But I don't think it was as massive, but it was supposedly it was longer.
What's really bizarre about that is that now they seem to posit that the hind legs were
shorter than previously thought.
And the whole thing did come out of the water and walked around on land, but it was kind
of like an ungainly sloth or something like that.
You can experience that.

It's like a big quadrupedal.
That's what happens when we start talking dinosaurs.
Hemi, semi-quadrupedal, but it needed those forepaws for specialized activity.
It had those huge hook-like hands.
Exactly.
Now how are you going to gallop with huge hook-like hands?
I don't know what I've been up to.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry, our subgenius.


Power of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
