Uh, yes, dear friends.
This will be a different show.
Different than usual.
And so, here it is.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes, something good, good, good is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station.
Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yeah.
I love you.
I love you.
Yes, dear pretty Bob.
It's little old me, Bob.
And welcome to another edition of...
The Church of the Subgeneral Greater and Minus Three Hour Effect with Lilo and Devan Stant.
And I'm...
Wonder...
Wonder...
I'll end up becoming something weird.
You won't become one of us.
You be slacked.
Or zombie.
No.
I'll be alright.
I got the dog race good and there's no outside windows.
Blood belches from the earth.
My lights in the sky rebuke thee.
The children of heaven and the angels from hell are among thee.
Spreading lies and deception.
They turn not as they go.
And the angels

Theよкоостров
You walk out into the wildstand like I did that night of days.
He hath faced my bereits錯.
He fathoms and imagines me despa naughty all alone.
Oohj oh.
been one of those days i know all about it bob called me he has found it in that great oversized
heart of his to forgive bob with a heart bleeding sensitivity that he unfurls like a flag
because he's such a rather dull quite uninspired average type guy with an appetite the kind of a
guy that could be satisfied by a horse that's it that's all of it you were in love with Bob Bob was
Bob yes he was Bob I had to lie there in his car lie there in come and come
you
frankly I was in no mood for golf it was a good deal for Bob too you know that
I'd appreciate dropping the subject of Bob once and for all
we're gonna kill Bob yeah he's got a huge huge direction
kill Bob kill Bob kill Bob Bob maybe if everybody said maybe more often the world
would change
be a better place Robert and I can't imagine
where are we Bob the code is broken trouble big security I have the lid on tight well take it off
for me the message is Mars needs women
I got exactly what I wanted
oh
yeah I am
all right realize good
noon
and
and
h
yeah
well
fun

hail

I love Bob's King Pew
I know that Bob, I know that Bob is a good cause
Bob took me inside his heart
And I accepted him into my life
And I'm here to testify, friends
What that man has done for me
If you can really call him a man
Many people say he's almost like a god
I don't think so
Of course I don't know Bob
But I do know Bob in certain ways
And I think you understand what I'm talking about
Yes, Bob, he filled me with the sort of a spirit I never knew I had
I knew it wasn't coming from him
It was coming from inside me
Bob was giving it to me
He was laying hands on me from afar
He might have been up in that great big jet plane
Or he might have been down on Skid Row
Giving some bum a haircut
But all I know is
It was Bob
It was Bob
Bob
Yeah, he's smiling
You never see Bob frown
You know that
Behind that amazing smile
There lies a mind like a steel trap
I'm sure he makes mistakes like
What he did with those young women that time
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that
And I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives
In our lives
In nineteen years
In nineteen eighty-one
And in nineteen eighty-four
Hi little brother
And in nineteen ninety-one
And in nineteen ninety-five
When they bring the conspiracy to its heels
And in that wondrous year that we know is gonna come all too soon upon us
And we'll leave our earthly things behind
And we'll go and join them
And then, you and I
And there'll be mountains
We'll find information






We'll see
What's there, I don't know

Seat at the right hand of Bob or the left hand of Bob depending on whether we're
reward ends or mediocrity but I don't want to get lost in the dogma I want to
tell you something blesses my heart and it's Bob
yeah I can hear I can hear him talking off there in the distance saying come to
me Tommy come to me and lay down your material things because you know they
aren't gonna mean much to you after that divine year and after I lay my hand
on you and lead you up the steps of that magnificent craft that will board it and go
to the stars my friends to the stars well happy Father's Day to all my fellow
dads there aren't that many of us I have a touching little story I talked to
Pappy today and I talked to my father and I talked to my mother and I talked to my
son the Hollywood director I talked to my daughter
Syvit who earlier today she told me this touching story earlier today
Syvit took her to kids my grandkids to a play center and there my
grandson Derman saw an old feller that looked kind like me had a gray goatee and
mustache and he said that be da my daughter said no honey I just made sure that 됐a daست



Looks like D-Daw.
Not D-Daw?
Afraid not.
But when they were ready to go,
little Dermon didn't want to go until he'd gone over to the guy
and after some explanation from my daughter,
gave the guy a hug.
And that made her weepy.
And you better believe when she told me,
I got all weepy too.
And speaking of weepy,
I have an announcement.
This is actually a news release that we put out
on all the various official subgenius Facebook pages
and Google group forums last Thursday.
I'm going to quote and read from my own press release.
News release.
Might as well turn the music off for this.
There.
Reverend Ivan Stang announced today his retirement from the Subgenius Foundation,
citing his ill demeanor and declining patience with internal conflict
among the members of the Subgenius Church,
appointing longtime collaborator Dr. Katahdin Legume
to the position of president and CEO of the Subgenius Foundation.
Reverend Stang will continue to produce his nationally syndicated radio program,
The Hour of Slack.
Actually,
friends,
I think I've changed my mind about that.
And will continue to attend personal speaking engagements.
Reverend Stang later commented,
quote,
I'm sick to death of dealing with idiots
when my time can be better spent
trying to capture the vicious jaggy.
And by the way,
Stangor slew three great jaggy last night
in less than an hour,
by the way.
To continue,
Dr. Legume immediately applied for a job at the Subgenius Foundation,


and he appointed Priestess Pisces as his vice president
and stated that his first order of business
is to examine the membership roles and, quote,
weed out the dead weight and the malcontents.
Legume announced that there will be a huge addendum
to the church's list of banned members
prohibited from attending the Subgenius Foundation's annual X-Day event
to be released to the public on June 30th.
This, quote,
this is the beginning of a new era for the Subgenius Church,
unquote.
Legume stated earlier today,
quote,
my vision of the Subgenius Church
is a radical departure from the tolerant policies of the past.
While I expect it to be rough at the beginning
as the flock gets used to the idea
of a more controlled environment
and more selective and stringent requirements
for membership and participation in the Subgenius community,
they will realize that, as always,
my way is the best way,
the only way.
I expect this will be a new golden age
for the Subgenius Church, unquote.
Dr. Legume will be receiving a six-figure salary
commensurate with his duties and experience.
And so I've got reruns ready to take us through X-Day, friends.
Oh, the credits.
The music at the start was Mark Mothersbaugh.
The collages were almost all by the late Fernand and Andy Lemur.
And that song, Bob Cleave,
that was me at age 28 or so
with Pope Sternodocs on guitar
and Hellswami Satellite Weavers on violin.
In some ways, that was the first recorded Bob hymn.
And, in fact, what follows is the last Bob music
that I composed,
using a lot of Lemur's work, too.
Praise Bob.
Here's Bob.
Pope.
He presented the sonorous pieces.

Sub tuv部分 di



Gukl? Gleich?
Gleich?
Looks like our first caller.
And now we've got Dr. Legume on the line.
And Priestess Spices.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Dave.
A full house.
And.
Good to hear you all, my subordinates.
Well, we were hoping to be in a respectful subordination position.
I mean.
I think a leadership.
But, sir.
Dr. Legume.
Dave, you heard the news, right?
Dr. Legume.
I basically am quitting this foolishness and letting Dr.
I've handed.
I've actually literally signed over the trademarks to Dr.
Legume.
He's got.
His name is on the checkbooks now.
And Pisces, who's also on here, is the vice president.
I guess you can still be the treasurer.
And you already telegraphed it earlier.
He doesn't mean to do my villain laugh out loud.
You said you were thinking of it.
I wouldn't want to give people the wrong idea.
No, I have absolute faith in Dr.
Legume.
I've known him since like 1991 or something.
And I've known him since the early 2000s.
I've known him since the early 2000s.




That's more.
That's about two thirds of the history of the church's subgenius.
Anyway, we have a lot of ground to cover.
And I think.
I think Dr.
Legume had a prepared.
Announcement.
Which I will.
Now.
I have a prepared announcement.
Hello, dear friends.
As your newly appointed iron fisted overlord of the subgenius church.
I am here on the hour of slack this evening to make the following announcement.
Effective immediately.
Membership in the church of the subgenius will be changed to $35 per year.
With this increase, you will receive a monthly glossy print copy of the new and improved
Stark.
Fist of removal magazine.
And an annual.
Dobbs shafted me again.
T-shirt.
Also, starting with X day 16 next year.
X day will be free of charge to all card carrying members.
Also, I have signed a deal with Simon and Schuster to publish a new subgenius book.
Entirely written and illustrated by me.
To be entitled.
Blood.
Honor.
Guts.
And Slack.
How to survive the end times without losing your sense of humor.
As well as a new full length subgenius recruitment video.
The path to slack.
Boogie on down the road.
All members will receive a new high quality embossed gold membership card.
You'll learn the secret handshake.
And the secret.
You'll get a 24 carat gold electroplated signet ring to identify yourself to other subgeni.
Members will be eligible for travel discounts with several major airlines.
Greyhound and Amtrak.
And special triple A discount.
Good at restaurants and hotels all over the world.
But that's not all.
Order now and get two.
Yes.
Two memberships.
For the price of one.
With additional shipping and handling.
You'll get hot sex from the creature of your choice.
Grow a bigger penis and or breasts.
This is the beginning of a new golden age.
I am the big boss of this area.
We will march into Dobbs Town.
On a road of bones.
I am your leader.
Give me slack or you'll kill me.
I am this creature in my way.
I am knocked and rolled in gold.
You will eat all my shit.
I am God.
I am God.
Good lord.
Wow.
I think he was saying.
Sorry.
Got a little over excited there.
Were you saying.
I'm not sure what you're thinking about Poopoo Captain.
Hard to believe after all these years.
You know how I started out alone subgenius in my hometown.
And now I'm president of the subgenius foundation.
The Dobbs Head trademark belongs to me now.
And I have total control of the amassed wealth of the church.
I feel like Scrooge McDuck swimming around in a vault filled with gold.
It just seems so unreal to me.
Like any other man in the world.













Any moment now I'll wake up and realize it's a hoax.
I mean if I read this on the internet.
I would never have believed it.
It just stinks of the kind of shenanigans one would expect from a pack of subgenius
jokers like us.
If I didn't know better.
I'd think this was just some kind of ridiculous subintelligence test.
To see who'd lose their grip and freak out.
Or some kind of cruel test.
Or torture.
To put the screws to the many jealous haters out there.
But what kind of jerks would pull a stunt like that?
Jerks like us!
Praise Legume!
She kind of...
Or praise...
Pardon me.
Praise Legume.
No, no, no, no.
We don't praise Legume here.
We praise Bob here.
This is the church of the subgenius.
We don't praise the preachers.
We praise Bob.
We don't praise the preachers.

I don't think Bob.
Bob Higham!
That's one of the biggest problems with the church of the subgenius.
One of the biggest fails that keeps people utterly ignorant.
I mean all over the internet people have been losing their minds.
Oh Legume is such a jerk.
Oh this is the end of the church of the subgenius.
Oh Stang is the church of the subgenius.
I read that I was the Jesus of the church.
Yes.
They utterly allow themselves to be led to worship the messenger while they're in the

church while utterly ignoring the message.
And as you yourself once said, Reverend Stang, the problem with many people is that instead
of looking where the finger is pointing, they prefer to suck the finger.
I got news for him too, that ain't a finger.
You know you never can tell where it's going to be lodged next too.
I think, Mal, that you've got the trade mark.
It's kind of like the Spear of Destiny.
And since you've offered so many great things, I think you ought to stick with it.
Oh, but, but, Lone Cow, weren't you listening?
What kind of jerks would pull a stunt like that?
Jerks like us, that's exactly what we've done.
Jerks like me, that will be my next autobiographical novel, Jerk Like Me.
Actually, I was going to do one called Pink Like Me for about when I passed for pink for all those years.
Yes, friends, I'm afraid it's time for the confession.
Maybe I should put on the...
This is actually last year's X-Day music, Pisces and Princess Wee, who couldn't be here tonight.
It's Mama's Day for her.
I'll tell you what, though.
After seeing the responses...
To our little prank...
I'm tempted to go ahead and retire and make you and Pisces in charge.
Except I wouldn't do that to my best friends.
Well, thank you.
I could see Pisces dressed as Ava Brown with the kind of hair pulled back a little bit.
I could tap Ava Brown.
Yeah.
A little highlight, a little blonde streak.
She's got a little bit of a pinkish hair and stuff.
I actually, tomorrow, for the...
You know, I told those Facebookies that they should tune in tonight.
And knowing that they'd be horribly frustrated because WCSB can only stream to 33 people.
And we're maxed out now.
In fact, it says that we have 35 out of a total of 35.
That's the most we've ever had on this show.
Anyway.
Anyway.
And the rest of them are all going,
Damn it!
Sputter!
Spew!
Anyway, here's my second news release.
And this is the one I'm going to put on the big Facebook pages tomorrow.
And I'll run through this as fast as I can.
Because, god darn it, turned out some people couldn't take a joke.
Okay, here's my first release.
We hate to have to reveal this so soon,
but the hoax, which was published only on subgenius sites,
is already making the news,
which should tell you,
something about the dependability of the news.
That news release about me retiring was just another in a series of subintelligence tests.
Indeed, a gullibility test in this case.
We really thought it too preposterous for anybody to believe.
And yet, despite previous similar tests,
we're again sincerely surprised to see how many
ahem ahem ahem
subgeniuses, quote unquote,
failed utterly,
to see through what should have been grossly obvious as a put-on,
especially in the context of Church of the Subgenius.
But every now and then we have to do things like this
to sweep out the wishful thinkers,
the gimme bobs,
the eagerly gullible,
and the new species.
Those too dumb even to be a subgenius,
which is something we previously imagined to be a contradiction in terms.
Some folks can't handle or even read the news,

and some folks can't even recognize satire
unless it has a laugh track or a smiley face icon attached to it.
And those are not the kind of people who are going to be benefiting from Bob's Church.
Indeed, many such people have in fact become huge liabilities in times past.
You might call it spring cleaning.
Weeding out the believer types and or the slacklessly judgmental,
or rather setting up a situation whereby they weed themselves out
in reflex business.
But hurt rage quitting increases the likelihood of the excess coming through this year finally.
For as it says in the prescriptures, my friends,
the conclusion jumper shall be at the judgment.
Now again, for those with hearing or reading comprehension disabilities,
I'm not retiring.
We just wanted to see how various people,
especially certain chronically jealous haters,
would react to a transparently absurd,
absurd hoax.
We were eager to see who would want to believe it.
And now friends,
the most hilariously indignant responses have been selected for reading on tonight's Hour of Slack.
One of those that you chose.
I wanted to point out that Dr. Legume actually wrote the press release,
and I wanted to give special thanks, Clint,
to the Chronic Whiner,
who did everything he possibly could to get himself banned,
and yet failed even at that.
What he did manage to do was inspire this particular test session,
and there will be another pop quiz tomorrow.
Thank you.
And now to the revealing responses,
which I would love to start with,
with my favorite kook,
which would be our dear friend,
Michael Alcandor.
Who said...
Legume is going to crash and burn.
I've killed the Church of a subgenius,
and all of the Satanists behind it.
Legume is half senile and brain damaged,
and he will run what little remains of this Church right into the ground.
I'm gloating, yay!
Congratulations there, Priestess Pisces,
on changing the F-word to screw and the S-word to crappy.
Well, Stan, might I read the one which I like,
which is from a friend of mine, actually.
Yeah, I think I know which one that is.
A former member of Yes Owen,
who actually, I think, got the joke,
but it was still kind of a funny quote.
And he goes, I'll do it in his voice,
as the peyote kid...
Bad choice, Stan.
A stalk of celery would have been a better choice.
A stalk of celery would be a...
a better choice.
I take that one seriously.
Well, why did...
That guy used to be the guitar...
He was in ESO at the early days, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, Keith Cofran.
A stalk... actually, he said,
a stalk of celery would have made a better choice.
Well, that's a common mistake amongst many stalks.
Yes.
Oh, here's a good one.
Steve Wilson says,
It's a sad day to find out
that even the upper echelon of the one true church
contains a few pinks.
Here's one of my favorites.
Little Reverend Alex Thompson.
I really hate that passive-aggressive trait
that makes a person, too,
bottle up all their annoyance,
and then they explode and act irrationally.
Man, it's the worst.
I like this one,
because it sort of implies that...
Well, it implies so much.
Both Cephas Moonshine.
Having been on the receiving end of Sting's temper,
I welcome the new era.
You know, I can't remember which one that is.
There have been so many.
Oh, and I should do...
He's on the receiving end of your temper.
He welcomes me.
But, yeah, exactly.
It's like, you know,
they seem to be making assumptions.
And you know what ass-sumptions do.
Anyway...
True.
I should do Bob Robertson,
who's the most active kook on our former news group,
Alt.Slack, which we abandoned to the kooks.
He's in Dallas, I'm pretty sure.
In fact, I vaguely suspect that I may know him.
He said,
Ha! I know this news release is fake,
because Legume is dead and has been for many years.
The rest of it I can believe, with some caveats.
And this guy actually does, as far as I can tell,
he really does believe that you're dead, Dr. Legume.
It's true that Legume has died twice.
But don't get us wrong.
We're not lying when we say he has been dead.
Yeah, that's true.
But he can still believe this.
With some caveats.
I'd like to know what those caveats are.
Yeah, they never get that specific.
Is that like caviar, or is that something that you eat or smell,
or is it what kind of sensory pleasure?
With some toasted cheese sandwiches,
or with a bottle of wine?
I don't...
Which caveat?
Well, let's see.
I think you would have a red wine with caviat.
Here's one I really liked.
A Dana Boul...
Bourd...
Oh, God, I can't believe this name.
Bourdwell.
Congratulations.
You've now become like a regular church.
You know, the kind of church religion that subgenius was started to parody.
Slacked my ass.
By the way, you can say ass on the air if you mean a...
A donkey.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Of course, even though we were talking about Legume being dead,
Bucky made the point that I liked Legume better when he was dead.
Did he?
Yes.
Oh, you added the A part because he's the north of the border sound.
What'd you say, Dr. Legume?
That I like Bucky better when he's sober and remains in Canada.
Actually, he helped me out at one time about ten years ago and then dropped the ball majorly.
Oh, I liked this one guy.
Ralphie Napalm goes, I want my 30 bucks back.
And Dietrich Dillinger says, well then, Ralphie, please return your eternal salvation first.
And, you know, to be fair, a lot of people did get it and said some really funny stuff.
And if anybody wants to see the funny stuff and the butt hurt stuff, you can look at the giant 16,000 member church of the subgenius page on Facebook.
Not to be confused with the 40 fake ones.
That only have a few members.
Or the subgenius foundation page, which is official.
A Nikki Death Chick didn't call in.
I was kind of hoping she would.
She's one of the people who's been...
It turns out in the long run she actually believed it.
She forgot, you know, that it was a hoax.
Nikki, like Dr. Legume, Priestess Pisces and myself, has the ability to tick off 100 people.
With just a sentence.
Mainly because it's a funny sentence and it's true.
But that hurts them more than anything.
And ironically enough, Nikki, who actually...
There was a Nikki hating club of lonely men out there on alt slack at one time.
And they're all gone, but Nikki is the co-administrator of all the main subgenius pages.
As are Legume and Pisces and myself.
So, you're talking...
Another funny thing about this is a whole lot of the time these people were insulting Legume.
It was actually something I had written posing as Legume.
There's a whole section of those later on.
Now poor Justin Jacobson said,
If subgenius membership requires any additional expense or effort, I'll just let mine lapse and expire.
In all fairness, it will be the most fun cult I've ever quit.
Poor Justin is also known for blurting out the phrase,
All activists are just terrorists with weapons.
I had to ask him if...
About, you know, peace activists or the American Rifle Association or the police.
But...
Well, you know...
I was wondering about stinging them.
They think that the subgenius membership requires additional expense or effort.
Should quit.
Because it does require additional expense and effort.
Unless you're willing to just join and sit on your little flat ass for the entire course of your membership.
But where's the slack in that?
That's the funny thing about these gripers is I don't recognize the name of any of them.
I think they're, as far as I can tell, they're a bunch of gimme bobs.
They can't spell Bob's name right.
They can't spell subgenius right.
And here they are telling us our business!
And it's like, I get the impression most of them never actually joined the church in the first place.
They just found some stuff on the internet and went, well, they heard it was cool somewhere.
And suddenly, now that there's this...
Well, the same thing we've been doing all along.
A put on.
But it was a put on that they didn't want to hear.
Well, there's also the fact that only Lagoon was convinced.
I assume that's from the cross-dressing you guys have been doing, you were talking about earlier.
People getting you confused and you posing as each other under different circumstances.
You know, Dave, what always confused me is that everyone has gone through this thing about how Lagoon is this horrible bully.
And that I brainwash people.
And that sort of confuses me because that implies that staying is really stupid.
Well, we didn't call it Church of the Genius.
You know, weird little gizmos to use to brainwash people.
Which we know you don't really have.
Actually, Pisces has a couple of great brainwashing tools right up front.
But that is besides the point.
And Lagoon, let's face it, I'm scared to death of him.
I mean, just look at him.
He's like Frankenstein.
And I'm like the Wolfman.
The Wolfman.
You're both cuddly.
Well, I do have the giant...
He's got the giant, stitched together body parts like Frankenstein's monster.
He does.
He actually does.
Well, no, they're talking about the bolts in your neck.
I think.
Those are electrodes.
All right, the electrodes in your neck.
I had to be corrected on that point by Nenslow myself one time.
They're not bolts.
They're electrodes, you idiot.
Oh, sorry, master.
That's what made for the nice background music.
But really, I mean, those big official subgenius business pages on Facebook,
it's all Bobbies and Gimme Bobs that can't even put the quotes on Bob's name
or the capital G in subgenius.
And that kind of indicates how much attention they paid to the word of Bob.
Not a whole hell of a lot of attention.
They heard somewhere it was supposed to be cool,
and they picked up the buzzwords, beep them if they can't take a joke,
and that's, and how many times today have we read the phrase,
I for one welcome our.
Overlord.
Yes.
Well.
I mean, to Sud's credit, he said it first.
But one thing about it is the idea of placing your anus firmly in front of the screen
and parting your cheeks and saying, go ahead.
People will always take your word for it.
People will always go ahead.
It's as if you've asked for it and you did ask for it.
Well, you did, you know, and that's true.
But the key is to know when to put the cheeks against the screen.
And that's the test that a lot of people just didn't pass.
Well, you know, it's.
And the counterpoint, though, has to make you kind of nervous
to think how many people so easily were willing to give it up just.
And worship their new evil overlord.
Well, that was a good sign.
That was the part I liked.
It was like, well, if they don't trust my judgment, then they better.
Well, the point of it is it's all Bob.
It is.
It's true that it's not.
It's this isn't one of those churches where you have to have an inter translator or priest between you and the Lord.
Because Bob's not as demanding as the Lord.
And you can be honest.
You can be alone with Bob all by yourself.
And it's not like.
Recording it.
Huh?
If you're alone with Bob, I recommend recording.
Really?
Because it can be a very, very litigious situation in there when everything's dead.
Yeah.
A lot of sports coaches have run into problems with that.
I have to go one further and say that if you're alone with Bob, videotape it and let him hold the camera.
I've seen too many.
Too many of those.
I should go into that.
You know, one thing that caused caused us to go ahead and and admit to the hoax so soon rather than waiting until X Day was that this whole thing was printed in boing boing dot com as news, which horrified me.
In fact, Cory Doctorow was the one who reported it as news.
And I actually I got on there and said, Jesus, you people believe anything.
And they continued to believe it even after I said that.
In fact, here's I've got to do this one.
This one guy.
I remember this guy, Brad Hicks.
He was at an X Day in 1997 or something.
I was an early subgenius.
One of my rats made it onto the semi official or official X Day video, I'm told.
But I can't wrap my head around the fact that we're still in the same place.
We're still telling this joke in 2012.
X Day was 16 years ago.
We live in a world without slack.
We've been living in a world without slack for a very long time.
Fast slack is all the slack you're going to get.
Get used to it already.
Seriously.
The Book of the Subgenius was spot on parody of the 1980s.
But that was a long, long time ago.
How is it still even remotely funny?
Vaguely funny.
Well, it still provokes comments like yours, Brad.
Not really that, but we were just a parody of the 80s and early 90s.
This is a parody of the last 10,000 years of human evolution.
No kidding.
And frankly, Book of the Subgenius wasn't the very last thing that the Church of the Subgenius did.
Last week's Hour of Slack was the last thing.
The last thing the Church of the Subgenius did, if you're talking about things like that.
And there's been a new one every week.
And there have been five books since then.
And about 20 videotapes.
Only one of which really counts, but that's neither here nor there.
Now we get to Simon Kallner, who was so butthurt that he commented at least three times that I've seen so far.
I've loved the Church for at least 20 years now, and now it's being run by giant douche-beeps.
I'll always be a subgenius, and you can stick your annual fee directly up your beep.
You put the trill on the annual thing there.
Well, I'm a spelling Nazi.
On top of being every other kind of Slack Nazi, I'm a serious spelling Nazi.
I don't care how you spell Hitler or Nixon or Romney or Obama or Boomer.
God, so original.
But I do care how you spell J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Or subgenius.
Well, there are trademark issues.
For example, the same gentleman misspelled subgenius in this street.
Like I said, subgenius for life.
But screw your $35 a year and your crappy artwork and Pisces and Normandy.

I'm a annoying bitchy.
I will always skip through the parts of our Slack episodes they're on anyway.
What, are they going to revoke my tattoos as well if I don't pay?
I'll be downloading books and videos from now on, too.
Not because I want them.
I just want to be a beep.
And I've already made my own shirts.
Legume and Pisces are as pink as it gets.
Subgeniuses are not corporations, and corporations are not subgeniuses, man.
That was only his second one.
That wasn't enough.
He had to come...
He spelled subgenius wrong in that one.
He spelled it wrong three different ways, in fact.
But on his third one, he was really getting upset.
I think maybe the picture of Legume standing on the pile of money really got him.
Yes, if Stang really left the church, why would he leave it to two pink tars?
The only time I fast-forward through an hour of Slack is when I face having to hear either one of their bullcrap rants.
When was the last time I played rants by you guys?
Last X Day.
I have my Bob swag.
God, this is just so... gag me with a spoon.
I have my Bob swag, my subgenius tattoos, and a whole lot of Slack.
He doesn't capitalize Slack, either.
My daughter loves Bob.
Bob, spelled capital B, little O, big B. Dead giveaway.
And she is only two and a half years old.
She'll grow up knowing that this is when the true church died and was replaced by a giant poop with a pipe.
Actually, I improved on his gag there.
Mr. Hankey type of gag.
Oh, God.
Well, that's what happens when you poke people with a shit too much.
Some of them will lash back at the cage.
Others will start chewing on their legs to get rid of the evil shackle.
You know, they're confused and alarmed.
There's a lot of confusion and alarm in this, yeah.
I mean, I don't get it.
But then maybe...
Well, what was the one you got there, Lagoon?
Oh, yeah, Daniel Miller.
Here we have...
Ugh, this is just like Vatican II.
I can't take this again.
I can't help but wonder about that.
How Vatican II had destroyed his faith in the Catholic Church, and so he came to us.
Bad idea.
Vatican II, that was like in 1965.
Right, I was gonna say...
But again, you know, that's that whole thing.
It's...
What was he doing for those 30 years?
Brian...
Was he a member of the Manson family?
Well, that's possible.
A lot of former slackies, you head-wet all the way to the Pacific Ocean,
and they carve little backwards swastikas into their foreheads and stuff like that.
It's been known to happen before, so that's another group you can write off.
When you do the declension, you know, when you finally take all the...
crunch all the numbers, and you make the Likert scale and stuff, and...
Ooh, I hate it. Ooh, I love it.
And right in the middle, have no opinion and stuff like that.
And you can see who's really, you know, really...
Really...
Yeah, this guy has a personality change.
You can also tell who here doesn't have a computer printer.
Anyway, let's see.
Well, I chose myself.
I chose to read the one that...
When you declench, let loose what's inside your bowels.
Do not just walk around declenched and still attempting to hold in all of your crap.
Let's see.
Okay.
Well, that's not...
We have a...
That's not from the list.
No, that's from Dr. LeGueime.
Yeah.
We have some closing statements, too, eventually here.
Let's see.
Brian Clift said,
This makes me anger.
And Sunil Wu said,
Stop shouting at me.
Defriended.
Because LeGueime...
It's like fire signs.
Stop hearing.
I can't shout you.
LeGueime chose to do his proclamations in all caps.
Yes.
That was entirely intentional because I knew that that would burn their butts just as much.
Yeah, bad etiquette.
Yeah.
Now, I love...
I can't...
Now, here's a funny thing.
I don't remember meeting this Chris Smoot.
Or this Steven Slagle, whose picture was attached to his little comment.
Ivan Stang is the only imposter I've ever met in Cleveland.
Well, I don't know that's a good call for it.
Well, how do you know, buddy?
Frankly, if it's a good imposter, how the hell do you know?
I didn't know that.
Everybody you know might be an imposter in Cleveland.
And it's highly likely, too.
In fact, the next show will probably prove it.
And the people walking in after us, and after y'all.
I'm such a successful imposter
that I can do it when I'm not even in Cleveland
yeah and who needs to
perform if you're an imposter
does Cleveland have a lot of
imposters is it a doppelganger city
apparently
actually it is
Mr. Sister is always seeing
various couples walking
down the street from behind
look just like Princess We
and I and me
or something which is unlikely
considering
our contrasting body
types but anyway
they're butt imposters
well that's what people
how they know who you are by staring
at your derriere
Roman Geisling said hmm
thoughtfully corporate
pink boys have infiltrated the church
looking for cash and
not slack
huh
you can't have both
why not both daddy
I don't
I think
I think
do you get slack from this little
exercise
I get slack from all of these exercises
as Nenslo once
said
no hating
that's not me being
upset that's me
getting slack this is my
slack
it's certainly fun to watch
you know but like you said
it's also slightly disturbing
I mean
I know it's the church of the subgenius
but there was some dead giveaways
in that press release
that really should have caught on
like Lagume's salary
well as Philo pointed out
make sure they're not all zeros
Dr. Lagume
and make sure they're consecutive
well only six zeros
I need a raise
I want a seven zero salary
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that



now earlier today
I posed as Lagume
and commanded everybody to listen
to this show knowing full well
that only 35 could
and
one of the people who responded to my
statement said
I miss like Stang already
the roasting disagreements
bitching abuse programming
deprogramming sex and confusion
seemed so much more
cohesive and fun
with Stang
he was like I'm not going to do that



he was saying that to me
he didn't know it
but he was
and here's another person
talking to me unknowingly
typing in all caps
doesn't make you sound any more authoritative
only slightly more psychotic
you pimp
great senses of humor
thank you
power
power corrupts
absolute power turns you into a shouty jerk
by the look of it
well it turns you into a shouty jerk
by the look of it
worse
sounds like a lot of work
instead of slack
says Russ Skellington
you fail goodbye
that was very clever
that's what gets me
you know I don't care if somebody's
negative or nasty or critical
if they're funny about it
right
the one next one confused me
because I didn't really get it at all
where it says maybe you could busy yourself
making the church relevant again
rather than clogging feeds with your personal pets
well what do you call that?
I have no idea
you know
but that's the thing
it's all shadow boxing
it's like
this is just bitter and hateful and not funny
you tarred idiot
well on the internet currently
there are a lot of people who have nothing else to do
but cruise various websites
and well actually Facebook sites and stuff like that


and make any kind of comment to anything
as if they were officially a part of it
and they think in your catch
in the great net
the gross net of other things
I think there's a lot of sardines in there
that didn't want to go
well I mean maybe they had to go but
we have some
you know they didn't really want to
they were just like
I don't think they were even trying to be subgenie
hi
oh here's old Brian Burks yet again
he was really upset
the pink imposter calling himself Dr. Katadnyi
Dr. Legume
just better watch his back
or he's likely to get a nasty surprise
in his morning ecto cooler
whatever that is
ecto cooler was a
Kool-Aid that came out from the Ghostbusters
oh oh
and they came in juice boxes too
so I have no idea
Dr. Legume if you have access
to the remaining ecto cooler supplies
I'm really jealous
and I'm going to come over
I have cornered the market with ecto cooler
I have a giant storage bin filled with ecto cooler
ok folks we only have four minutes left
let's go through the closing
on Scrubgenius I can't
as some new person said
I created literally all of the sock puppet Facebook accounts that bitched
double hoax
I took that one wrong at first
and it started to make me mad
and then I realized oh that's actually pretty clever
now Robert Anton Wilson said
you simply cannot create a conspiracy theory
so ridiculous and obviously satirical
that someone somewhere doesn't already believe in it
Robert Puck Bob
hopefully
yeah and if anybody should know it's him
and as Spite Satage so eloquently put it this week
everything is true
everything else is bull hock
I don't believe that for a second
when I was telling Pappy about this
that's my dad
he said what you're doing is chariantism
he said look that up and I did
and it's rhetoric
a figure of speech wherein a taunting expression
is softened by a jest
an insult veiled in grace
and there was a
Dr. Leguim I think you should read this
this statement that was pieced together
that I copied over
yeah I think that would be appropriate for this situation
and this is a message to all of you subgenius out there
who send in your thirty dollars
your thirty five dollars per year
I'm gonna have to bleep that on this show
that's okay
you know
it's a funny thing about being a minister in the subgenius church
you were promised eternal salvation or triple your money back
you're offered a package of cool propaganda
and that's it
you are not promised a say in how the church is run
you're not promised admission to x day events
you're not promised membership in any of the online groups
and especially
you're not promised the respects of your opinion
from anyone
and especially especially
not promised that everyone will be nice to you
slack vampires none of them return what they paid for
they can carry the card and call themselves a subgenius
and they can go do it somewhere where none of us have to smell your crap
I'm a big fan of the who
and just because I bought their albums
that doesn't give me the right to sleep
on Roger Daltrey's couch
screw his groupies
or get in his face and tell him how to put on a concert
and friends I think that says it all
and this is
and that wow that
witch disco music just ended
that was the late great professor Chaz Smith
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Bob Mosick and them
from the album Witch Disco
and Michelle is
hard to find these days
beautiful
beautiful
and Michelle George on violin anyway
friends we have to get out of here now
Dr. Sinister is here
and you can call him and whine
I'll still be recording
just a reminder
if this is the first time you ever heard this show
I feel sorry for you
anyway you can figure more out from subgenius.com
I'll probably have this one on the air
I mean online I should say
by morning I'm planning to
I was up all night fighting the great Jaggy
and I figure I'll be up all night
so friends I'm gonna close it
thank you for calling in Dave
Priestess Pisces
Dr. Legume
you can't have the money back
what
now hey wait
hold on
no no no no
b-o-b
b-o-b
my b-o-b
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
One, one dollar
One dollar, one, one dollar
Big bad
Big bad
Big bad
Big bad
Big bad
Big bad






Big bad
Big bad
I really enjoyed
the Hour of Slack tonight.
It was so fun
hearing about how the silly bodies
interpret information
they read on the interwebs.
And it was especially fun
hearing Legume and Pisces
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
To the stars, my friends.
To the stars.
