Do you like slack? I love slack. Do you want slack? Do you need slack?
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob Time train comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son. Here it comes now.
It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably big and scary.
It's not wrenchingly afraid.
We stand to receive thee who are of but flesh and understand not the way of the lead-clad ones.
Oh, bloody...
Stand direct for your abnormality.
Wise up! They're out to get you.
The Bob is coming.
Bob, Bob there?
Bob, Bob is burning in the flames of his own pipe. Yeah.
He's the head.
Ah, yes, dear friends, it's live.
I have slack with Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drever.
And we're taking this show out to get us some beer.
There we did. It's a matter of fact.
I don't drink.
And now the show's kind of wobbling and running funny.
We've got to move Philo's show out of the way before we get our show on.
We've got to get the show out of the driveway and down to the station.
Who? Who?
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have butt naked!
No trouble.
The hell you say?
Get going.
You hear me?
Recording.
Everything's fine.
Butt naked, he said.
No trouble.
It's get going. Everything's fine.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
No trouble.
Bob?
Everything is right.
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Bob?
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack. Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this video.
No.
Radio Stent Degree.
Doctor Philodrullin.
Before the sermon, a monthly live recording.
A message for all followers.
Bob Dobbs.
A living avatar of slack.
Don't believe any slack.
And saying the same thing on copyright 1985.
It's a second megafist in the line, the Church of the Subgenius of Haines.
That you by the Church of the Subgenius of Haines.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Whoever get the feeling that Bob...
Bob Dobbs.
Huh.
Or something like them.
Super-me.
Super-me.
Go ahead, Bob.

No, Bob.









I think I heard it. There. I heard it that time.
Ah, yes. Listen to the sound of that slack bubbling and regurgitating deep down inside yourself.
It sounds so pleasant.
Oh, those boys.
Why Christians should not allow the injections of those stupid and often diseased subjects into their blood.
Well, Dr. Drummond, why shouldn't we allow the injections for the new incoming subgenius ministers?
Into our veins, you mean?
Yes. Why can we not inject the incoming bobbies if they're merely bobbies and not true subgenii?
Well, since the last election, we've been stymied in our methods on how to inject the new incoming subgenius ministers.

How to cook these subgeniuses down, these bodies, and put them into little vials or tubes, test tubes, and extract them into hypodermic needles that can be mainlined into our veins for drug purposes.
Medicinal purposes, or is this some sort of ritualistic?
Of course, medicinal and ritualistic as well.
Hallucinogenic.
Hallucinogenic. And above all...
Listen, the lightning is getting closer.
Okay.
Soon we'll have enough power to begin broadcasting the Dobstrom signal, Dr. Drummond.
Hey, we're not on the air now.
We're not on the air now.
No, we're just playing the tape.
Or we are on the air now.
Sonic.
Yeah.
Drunk.
Sonic.
Yeah.
Drunk.
Sonic.
Yeah.
Drunk.
Sonic.
Yeah.


Yeah.
Drunk.
Yeah.
rofl.
saک이
saçma

rofa


rof
What's all this stuff about the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer?
It's highly a memorable material.
Do not attempt to reintroduce...
Do not attempt to reintroduce...
If you looked inside Arnold Palmer's head, there were just a bunch of wadded up rubber bands.

My God.
It's just been a heck of a war so far here.
We're trying to march all the Slack squads back to their barracks now,
and they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night,
but they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks here.
Look, it started now.
This is what we call the monster beach party.
Hey, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is,
and don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear, that ding.
Well, Dr. Howell, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects
and tell us about their relationship between the demopods and the ussopods?
Well, the demopods and the myriapods got together at the early...
No, demopods and ussopods.
Oh, the demopods.
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here,
the one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses that people don't like on the show.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
It was obvious that during the game they should not have launched ahead with that size of a rocket.
They should have used a smaller rocket, not hurt so many people.
Some, perhaps, but not so many.
As it turned out, JFK was turning to Governor Connolly
to tell him the name of the band that dare not speak his name,
and was shot because of that.
We thank you for your input, caller.
What does it sound like where you are?
It sounds kind of weird.
What is weird?
Huh?
It's a weird DJ dressed up in a crown of thorns and a dirty, dirty shield.
What's going on here?
Starts kissing on you.
Mobius, I don't give a damn.
Dead center.
Yes, liberty...
I can't stand things that might make...
don't make any sense.
Come on, let's get out of my brain.
Eeeeee!
Eeeeee!
Eeeeee!
Eeeeee!
Eeeeee!



Well, Doug, you know, I came down here today because all the way from St. Louis, Missouri...
Yes?
...and requested as I was, I thought we might have something...
something of substance to accomplish here, and I can see that we're...
why we're just going to do nothing but...
well, I hope we can get by with this, but...
No, that is illegal to say on public radio, Dr. Drummond.
You're right, we can't use anything like that.

But we can...
But we can continue with the interview.
Can we have...
Now we may continue with the interview.
Now we can continue at this point of the next...
Not right here, but...
Now?
...right here, but...
One, two, now...
We may now continue with the interview.
...with Dr. Philodrumon, the only overman of our decade, and probably there would be no other true overman until 1998, and anyone else...

...that you see claiming to be an official subgenius overman is an imposter.
Dr. Drummond is the only overman.
Now, Dr. Drummond...
Altered by alien technology.
Exactly.
Now, now...
And it hurt. It was quite painful, I have to admit.
Well, Bob did this to you, did he not?
Bob, with the help of some alien Tibetan monks...
And aliens, you say?
...and strange, odd tools on my bodily parts, which will go unmentioned...
...because this is a...
...a family...
...a public radio, and a family hour.
Yes, it is.
I understand that there are children listening.
There are many children. This is considered by many to be below the level of a children's show.
And I understand that it is actually below the level of most human intelligence.
That's why they call it subgenius. Yes, thank you.
I understand. Thank you.
Now, Dr. Drummond, as I understand it, there are rumors circulating that J.R. Bob Dobbs, the incredible...
...original living avatar of slack on this planet, was murdered again.
He was feloniously and ruthlessly assaulted for a second time, that did result in severe loss of blood and life, as we know.
Now, we understand that Bob Dobbs was already dead.
Now, how could there have been a second Bob assassination in Los Angeles in November of 1985?
Well, contrary to popular belief...
...what a lot of people don't realize, and I did know this since Bob did have one chance to materialize...
...I spoke with him briefly, and he told me that after the show in San Francisco, there was a cockroach on stage...
...which Bob, at the point of impact of those bullets, managed to throw his soul, his nintel eye stench itself, into the body of that cockroach.
And what became...
...and lived on the excrement.
And...
Now, I've heard many, many, many, many theories.
As the victor...
...
...
...
When you're driving 16 hours, take a bob.
When you use your mutant powers, take a bob.
When your blood is low in sugar, when you're picking out a bugger,
when you shoot him with a luga, take a bob.
When you're outside exercising, take a bob.
When you're using sex devices, take a bob.
When you're walking through the woods, when you make out with the girls,
when you're beat up to the hoods, take a bob.
Big bad, big bob, big bad bob.
Big bad bob, big bad bob.
Oh, no. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ow.
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
They're in the human scrapyard.
Please, if you're coughing all over the speaker, you're saying we've got to clean it up here at the station.
Yes, the adventure of the little sub-deenies.
I am a sub-genius, and by that virtue, I am in touch with forces greater than man.
I dare you to kill me.
I am not a duper conspiracy.
I know more than they do.
I am a sub-genius.
I am a sub-genius.
That's all I need to be.
I shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Me, primate.
Me, overman.
I say to the pigs, give me your money.
You won't need it.
The future offers you nothing but destruction.
The Church of the Sub-Genius.
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the Constitution, anything is likely to develop.
Enter the Church of the Sub-Genius, filling itself as the weirdest cult on Earth.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
A man named Bob.
And join the Church of the Sub-Genius.
Hello.
You're improving, Jack.
You just can't seem to get rid of that streak of honesty in you.
The one that ruined you was that damned Indian.
Oh.
an old teepee.
You mean Olasky.
He gave you a vision
of moral order
in the universe
and there isn't any.
Those stars
twinkle in a void,
dear boy,
and the two-legged creature
schemes and dreams
beneath them
all in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
Did you hear anything?
Listen to me.
Two-legged creature
won't believe anything.
And the more preposterous
the better.
Whales speak French
at the bottom of the sea.
The horses of Arabia
have silver wings.
Pygmies mate with elephants
in darkest Africa.
I have sold
all those propositions.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
And they were all fools
and none of it matters.
Ah!
Here's the type of the tape.
Here's the type of the tape.
The sound of it,
the basic sound
of the art surprise itself,
you couldn't see the explosion.
It was magnificent.
It's embarrassing.
It's moist.
It drips.
It dribbles.
It spits.
It's nasty.
But yet it's beautiful
in its own wet,
slimy,
squirting,
and embarrassing way.
It is.
Ow!
That's correct.
Ah, but are you saying
that it was Bob who was killed or not?
Yes, it was Bob that was killed.
Bob, fortunately,
he transferred his body
through soul and stench migration
into the body of the cockroach.
And this was in January of 1984.
Is that correct?
January 22nd of 1984,
to be exact,
at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco.
Now, if that is so,
then if Bob,
somehow, Bob Dobbs,
this mystic guru of yours,
somehow managed to infect
the body of a cockroach
for the intervening almost two years,
who then was supposedly materialized
during a seance in public
in Los Angeles
in November of 1985.
That then subsequently shot down
this, it,
I've seen the videotapes.
It does not resemble,
the same man who was shot and killed
in San Francisco.
That's because it wasn't,
it wasn't impossible.
Here is wisdom.
Let him that hath understanding
count the number of the beast.
For it is the number of a man,
number of a man.
His number is
six hundred
three score
and six.
You can roar all you want to toward me.
Yeah.
But I'm gonna tell Jesus on you.
This creature is trying to tell me something.
I can see it in his face.
I, I, I, oh God,
give me strength.
I'll fight it off.
I'm not afraid.
Be silent all of you.
I've opened the surface of the earth.
It's time to attack.
Get the toothbrush.
And he's loaded with toothpaste.
Come on, Jesus.
Come on, show yourself.
Come on, Jesus.
Come on, show yourself.
Person, you can probably testify
as to the inauthenticity
of the man posing as Bob,
Bob Dobbs himself.
Well, yes, I pers...
Excuse me, that's a conspiracy calling.
Uh-huh.
Well, in that case, we'll take time.
And we'll start...
Big financial deal.
I'm glad to say that, uh,
with me, I brought some of, uh,
the latest tapes by the Swinging Love Corpses,
that wonderful band from
St. Louis, Missouri.
This is your medical, uh,
your medical musical treatment?
Why, yes.
They are produced by
5,000 Doctors and Slippid Music Company
from St. Louis, Missouri.
And...
Let's put them on right now.
Well, all right, go ahead.
If you insist, Dr. Drummond.
Yes, I'm waiting.
So this is your band, eh?
The vortex took them.
The vortex took them.
Just took them away.
The vortex took them.
The vortex took them.
The vortex took them.
As you would expect,
we will soon leave,
but cut startups in a few hours

One, two, joking.
Now, many of you will be foreheads up

like this Antonio Fernandez- ל
adtar hung on to concerns
even during the world zealons.
Someone called it difficult science.
Somebody called it like the
greatestばいhe evening of the future.
I was Might Dor amen.
That's it, these various businesses

use the magic of anti-technology to drop in this lovely little hymn, this old
traditional church hymn from Dr. Onan's Wotan Band.
Let me see a block of birds, take a bob, take a bob.
When you just run out.
When you hear a given call.
When you write checks for one dollar, take a bob, take a bob.
When you write to the subgenius, take a bob, take a bob.
B.O. Box 1403-06, take a bob.
When you cast your mojo hexes.
When you ride through Dallas, Texas.
When you are dyslexic, take a bob, take a bob.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
Wotan.
Noway.
Noway.
Wotan.
Well, we're back.
Back.
This we are.
Back in front of the people with our tongues hanging out.
We're right where they can see you.

see him and hear him like hanging your dirty clothes over here somewhere hanging things out
would you flip that switch for me there no i can't flip any more switches hold it all right
trying to get that thing to work sorry friends you haven't sent your money in and that's why
i don't know phylo drummond can't push that switch doug do you have another greener piece
to this planet forever yes dr drummond has his hand near a switch i think that could bring you
to eternal orgasm for the rest of your life i had about 50 cents i could get this thing working
that's right but these these faithless listeners won't believe enough they can they they want to
believe some but they can't believe enough about bob and about slack
kind of kick itself over you know sometimes because these people just had a tape deck once
it had a case and if they would send their money we'd be able to start to get up on the side of it
we'd jump down on that kick start that show that that tape deck would turn over it sputtered a
little bit but but then after a little while a few kicks it'd come on and it did take us where
we wanted to go but you know sometimes oiled machine that
would kick start would just come back and knock the living p wadden out of you son i'll tell you
i didn't know what to do and and we've got the same bruise on me about the size of your head
until it's not that big but i understand that but for the size of bruise it's pretty
pretty hefty sized bruise i appreciate that dr drummond but in the meantime what about their
money what about your money well for 50 cents and what what do you 50 cents i would
oh well i won't say that i would well i wouldn't say i would do anything that was illegal
or anything like that but i would do something that probably would appall some people
and and it might not even be for my own gratification for some type of
mental or spiritual stimulation oh now is it for mental or spiritual stimulation that we hear about
kidnapped children for instance right showing up at dobbs town this is for mental stimulation we've
got a little bit of a
little bit of a

a
a
a





a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a a a
a i
a i
a


i

a a s a a a a s a a audio
an a a a p a f a a n
a a a b a a a a a a a w a a e or a w a v y as a
in here with this is a delightful little one. Can I say that first word? I mean is it?
The song? Yeah. The name of the song? Yes it's a it's an abbreviation right? P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
I want you to let your victory run out of your pants like P Dog.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
Don't want you to long walk like P Dog.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
I want you to let your victory run out of your pants like P Dog.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P Dog Strut.
P P P Dog Strut.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
has certain esoteric and psychos...
So there is a disease associated with the church, I understand,
that causes symptoms such as enlargement of the head,
a hacking cough, and the ambusotic behavior.
Some people have also referred to this as the cough of power
because it does indeed take very powerful sublungs
to eject the amount of phlegm and mucus that does seem to accompany it.
This is part of your religion.
And it is a maneuver. It is something that is planned
and also is on some type of agenda.
The U.S. Army teaches this maneuver.
It has something to do with...
A coughing maneuver that has to do with drugs smuggled out by your church out of Malaysia.
Correct. Because you see, in the Far East,
these gentlemen, these soldiers of our country,
can get thrown in some of these Oriental prisons,
and this maneuver can come in handy in an escape situation.
Doctor.
Doctor Drummond, do you have got any answer to any of my charges?
We do understand that a prisoner's first right and privilege is to escape.
And that is indeed what we did there in Malaysia prior to founding Dobstown.
Bob and I were sequestered in a solitary confinement.
You and Bob Dobst himself?
We spoke to each other. Yes, of course.
Who else? Bob. I wouldn't refer to any other Bob by the name Bob.
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
And Bob and I were...
We were in solitary confinement in a Japanese prisoner of war camp.
See these prisoners?
These Japanese were...
Never got the word that we had...
The war was won.
Now, I understand that Bob Dobst had magic powers.
If Bob had magic powers, Dr. Philodrum,
and why were you imprisoned by the Japanese?
Bob did indeed have magic powers, but...
He didn't utilize them all the time.
And is this what you tell your followers?
That Bob has magic powers, but he doesn't utilize them?
Do you mind if I use this razor blade to slit your nostril?
Excuse me, Dr. Drummond.
I need a blood sample. I need a blood sample.
Is that a threat?
Of course not. I need a blood sample for my experiment.
We're on the radio right now.
My experiment. This is an on-the-radio experiment.
No, you may not slice my nostril with that razor blade, Dr. Drummond.
Did you ever see that?
Are you a doctor?
I'm actually a doctor.
Yes, I am.
Where does your doctorate come from?
See, let me show you this.
Dr. Drummond, you're reaching into your pocket.
And show me some sort of little card.
See, here it is here.
See? Certified.
Dobstown Community College.
Doctorate of brain surgery.
That looks patently fake, Dr. Drummond.
Uh, Dobstown is not an accredited school.
It is designed to look fake.
I looked into this.
Believe me, I did my research before this show.
Apparently a little bit more than you did.
Now, and this music in the background.
This is your claiming.
You make your followers listen to this music.
Hold it right here. Just a minute.
I have a...
Well, Dr. Drummond has just fled from the studio.
Apparently he can't answer any of our questions.
Coming back right now.
And this music, if you want to call it that, is something that Dr. Drummond has been doing for a long time.



Dr. Drummond claims is a healing music.
Earth was inhabited by a species from another dimension.
With certain chants from the book, sacrifices.
This race, the old ones, can be brought back.
And mankind?
Destroyed.
As I entered the bedroom,
there were two elderly albino women,
robed entirely in black.
Standing.
Lavinia's insides were all torn up.
These whites.
These whites and...
Fertility rites were practiced here.
So they say.
Is this an altar?
Yes.
What was it used for?
Halloween!

Halloween!
Halloween!
Halloween!
Brothers and sisters,
I want you to put down your frock.
Get those chainsaws and open up your ears.
And listen to this story.
In the vast continuity of school park
There seemed to be evil within
There were people there
With sensible heels
And there were children there
With no wounds of distinction
There were women there
Who were thought of as virtuous
For they contained the blood
Of the ruling class
Of Sewell Park
I said men cried
Babies died
Children fell
Men sighed
Babies cried
Men died
Children fell
Women suffered
People wanted repentance
And victims
They wanted to escape
Yeah they just wanted to escape
You should know about it
He should know about it
He should know about Sewell Park
And the winter solstice
I said men cried
Babies died
Children fell
Men sighed


Babies died

People were hurt
Babies died
Josu
Basberg


Bookmieben
Halleokāwo
Iban
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
system let us say I'm playing devil's advocate tonight I guess I guess we can say that uh
reverend staying here refuses to admit he is actually I am not denying Bob at this point
in time denying Bob denying the belief system established by our guru our beloved
what about what about the time that you split with Dobbs and formed your own schismatic
dramatic drumundian church I imagine I will take an aside here to the radio audience I'll
imagine that reverend staying doesn't realize that it was he who instigated this split and
he and I were partners in this split of course after Bob spoke with us we realized the error
of our ways and and came back to the mother our father church I might say and and have
and have been faithful members and followers ever since
the minority
the minority
the minority
the minority
Conspiracy 2, of course, will mind control their country.
All nations are using this subliminal silent radio technique
in warped and degenerate psychosexual experiments of their own citizens.
The youth of these affected countries will be more disturbed and dangerous
than your most foul and hideous nightmares.
This should be more proof to use of geni that humans,
or normals themselves, are intrinsically evil and perverted.
You are saying that ordinary humans are evil and perverted?
Yes, I am.
This is the basis for your church.
No, no, no.
This seems like a hate doctrine of some kind.
Is this not a minority hate church where you feel that you are persecuted?
Well, let's not say hate. We don't hate in any way.
Let's just say this is extreme dislike.
You don't need to speak so close to the microphone.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
You can...
You can...
Hmm.
So I have also put this track together
so that we can tell the people of the world
those poor dudes...
Oops, there are being mind-controlled at this point in time by a sign of radio.
You sell this little track for $20 in airports?
No, this is free. This is free.
It's shocking to discover that every single large corporation
in all colleges in the world,
with the possible exception of Dobbs Down Community College,
have super-secret mind-control departments
who cooperate for big money from the conspiracy
in mind-control experiments.
If you or someone you know consistently make stupid, horrible, crazy decisions
and have ruinous problems,
you or they might begin...
to be a guinea pig in these evil, insidious, mind-warping tortures.
Each year, these silent radio dupes
are going down the economic, social, and mental ladders
because they can no longer be trusted.
No corporation knows when one will be selected as a guinea pig.
So many of them are not being hired or promoted
because of their electronic hearing handicap.
Electronic hearing handicap.
Yes, that is indeed an electronic hearing handicap.
Their bosses think that they talk to walls and hear unknown voices.
You can imagine yourself if you were a store owner
who would like to be a guinea pig.

You would be able to hire someone talking to walls
or hearing unknown voices.
Who would risk a sizable workforce of persons
who on a moment's notice will start furiously working for their competitor,
who in turn could easily wipe you out?
The fear of the government using your group as a group experiment
limits how many you could or would promote.
It's become a tough, cruel world for our electronic hearing citizens.
Do you realize that, Reverend Stagg?
No, I think this is all a...
And I'm glad that you've called us here tonight
to let us...
I consider this...
This man is not speaking for his station.
This man is speaking for his own foolish opinion.
...now subliminally controlled by the silent radio.
And all these years thinking they were insane
because of those voices talking in their head
now can realize that the government actually...
The government...
All are taught that a person who hears a voice is automatically insane.
As the advancement of the silent radio increases,
more and more persons are hearing silent radio voices,
thus explaining the proliferation of apparently insane people.
...TV preachers...
Dr. Drummond, let me ask you something.
And anchor people...
And use anchor people...
Do you hear these voices yourself?
Of course not.
You don't hear the silence.
Not the silence.
How do you...
Why do you believe...
I do hear voices.
I do indeed hear voices.
What evidence do you have that you do hear voices?
And what do these voices say to you?
It's a terrible shame that the media only serves to cover up this national security measure...
What do these voices say to you, Dr. Drummond?
...while they service up a diet of needless sporting events...
Voices.
...and contrived international political situations...
Voices in your head.
...designed to distract even the most brilliant humans
into complete and total docility.
Don't you think that's what you're trying to do right now, Dr. Drummond,
with this combination of this weird music...
Reverend Stern, let me tell you.
Let me tell you, Reverend Stern.
It is very commonplace to find silent radio receivers
in dental fillings, eyeglass frames...
Dental fillings.
...pencils...
Radio transmitters.
...and earrings to ensure communications.
For group experiments, entire rooms and even buildings
have been wired to ensure communications.
Do you think we're wired right now?
Do you think I'm wired on some sort of silent radio bug device?
Obviously.
There's no need to wire since we're going over the free airwaves
of this wonderful country that we live in.
You're a patriot, right, Dr. Drummond?
Of course I'm a patriot.
Every American...
This is an all-American subgenius church, right?
That's not to say that...
What about the FBI files and the CIA files
that call the church of the subgenius
the most subversive organization on ice-cold
from the FBI paper's file?
The church of the subgenius is the most subversive organization
known to this subversive organization.
Can you tell me that, Reverend Stang?
Why do you think those fast food restaurants have been wired?
And why do you think they advertise so heavily?
No, I don't believe that they do at all advertise so heavily.
I mean, this has nothing to do with your maniacal theory
about some silent radio voices in your head.
What do your voices tell you, Dr. Drummond?
Turn that insipid music down.
I have something to tell you.
If you or your group is in an experiment,
you shall be placed under 24-hour surveillance.
There is virtually no escape from their influence.
First, almost all street lights and traffic lights
are infrared TV cameras specifically designed for surveillance,
just like in Orwell's 1984.
The TV sets are actually cameras watching and analyzing you
even when they are off.
They hear all, see all, tell all.
Most of our freedoms are being stolen from us
as a cover-up of the silent radio than anything else in history.
Not one word of this has ever appeared on print before,
nor is there ever a word of this ever appeared on print before,
nor is it a national secret.
And why haven't you been killed if this is so long?
This is another example of the self-censorship...
well, we only printed these up last Friday.
Aw.
This is another example of the self-censorship...
Do you think you're going to save the world or something on your subgenius crusade, Dr. Drummond?
...who are in terror, satisfying the lusts
of the all-powerful conspiracy?
Well, what about your all-powerful lust, Dr. Drummond?
These evil, cruel, sadistic mind-control experiments
demonstrate the total lack of compassion or morality
within the conspiracy because the conspiracy fear not one organization until now will attack the
policies of politicians who control these experiments reverend stang for their own sick
twisted humor the aclu states they know nothing about the silent mind rate mind control radio
the world as we know is populated by liars and thieves who would rob you of your very soul
and what is it that you want from the people who are the future will be a strange place when all
our mind controlled by Big Brother the conspiracy from back but you you believe that this world is
coming where ultimate future belongs to Bob in the Church of the subgenius only we can help if you
have the proper genetic what about the charges that you yourself use are not read the mind of
a man experiment I warning you have been running
mind control experiments of the all of you understand it the other of your
over staying the alternate future belongs to Bob do you understand that the alternate future belongs
to Bob and the Church of the subgenius only we can help these are not the ravings of a madman
heed my warning yes these writing questions and thoughts to dr. Philo drum and over man
first degree second mega fist imple watch the church the subgenius go ahead five seven two
blocks
1572 Maryland Heights Missouri 63043 if you don't receive an answer it's because of male censorship
well dr. Drummond do you manage to get your address out so that people could send you
money to hear more of these insensate ramblings I just want you to understand that I hope you are
not one of these poor individuals that is indeed duped by the silent radio what do these voices
tell you the voices in your head dr. Drummond what do they only do they tell you to stop
smuggle drugs out of the land that they tell you to control the minds of teenagers poor misguided misdirected
zombies reverend stain do you realize these drums are perfect these drugs drugs not drums drugs are
perfectly legal it's been drums that we actually ship so there is a drug that you're shipping and
it's perfectly legal what is the nature of this drug is it a hallucinogen is it a narcotic what
drug are you smuggling out of Tibet listen to this song here I think you'll like it all right that is
the only thing that I can do is I can't do it I can't do it I can't do it I can't do it I can't do it
dr. Drummond this is a family radio show now if you don't mind will you please answer the question
what do you say to the charges that the Church of the subgenius children smuggling keeping body
parts in vice grip I know you may not understand it but I have been on many many radio shows before
and always at least in this far into the show I have been offered a cup of coffee and I'm indeed
appalled and I have to say I'm very happy to be here and I'm very grateful to be here and I'm very
glad that you are with us that each of you who has been active and case such as a black perigning
conspirator had it is 않았 just not you not have changed that subject the serious charges
are being leveled against you and you are evidence to explain the common call me to go to the
restroom it's time to examine the JoinеCouple at Dallas Fort Worth

have been added call Motman

game
course
is
In
Court
I
in Dallas, Fort Worth, we will try to bring a little better quality of guests in coming weeks.
Sorry.
Oh, mama, I promise you.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
Oh, mama.
be able to understand what it actually is like in the sense of, I won't advocate that
you try any of this because it is a mind expanding herb.
You are going to do this on this show? You are going to do this on the air?
Certainly. Certainly.
You are going to inject this ambifrop zipulops, this Tibetan snake oil, whatever this is.
This is some sort of a snake oil type of modern day incense burner.
Incense, uh huh.
We put it on the pedestal.
Illegal drugs and so on.
We say, I'm going to let you chant.
We chant a little bit.
A little bit.
How much is a little bit?
We say, Bob is good, give me food.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Boblob.
Oh, and I love you, Oh, and I love you.
POP Bob.
POP E.
PoP, pop, pop.
Bob Miles.
Grr…
A-ah..
A-ah..
Poop is meaningful
