Howdy there, Bob. How you feeling?
Oh, now, Bob.
Well, now, if you're so anxious to help Crow-Bait Bob,
why don't you go out and pay some of his bills around town?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Well, I'd suggest that you get a room at the Dodge House
and think about your sins.
The Self-Genius Power of Swatch.
Well.
Well, you know, I kind of think old Crow-Bait Bob might approve of that.
From PR News in Washington, I'm returning to normal without permission.
Iran's president is running out of propellant.
Pani told an audience in northeastern Iran that PR News will certainly increase.
The messenger space program
will crash into the planet.
NASA's messenger plans to slam into the lopsided planet,
ending its memorable PR News.
The Colorado Department of Transportation told employees
that British aviation authorities are people with drones.
There's no pilot.
Officials say drones are flying over congested areas or close to buildings,
including one that came close to a PR News landing in Washington.
Attention.
Attention.
You may be entitled to a curfew.
You may govern a contended life by effort.

Telephone는지隊 September 15.

CAR CALL NOW
004-549-一定感情
014-KARMENT


DROP
CALL NOW
00530-4 Vors Süless
під dado
Take all that body fat and I feel amazing.
Just taking body fat for only $29.95.
It really does. It does.
Or your money back.
But you must call right now because this is not available.
Attention, call now.
Attention, now.
Call now.
But wait, free.
Good afternoon, doctor.
Sit down, Mr. Howard.
What have you got to tell me?
In your case, my boy, diagnosis is extremely difficult.
But the examination you made this morning, the x-rays.
Examination discloses one condition, pressure upon certain parts of the brain.
This condition, coupled with your belief that the moon can bring about a change, accomplishes exactly that.
During the period in which your reasoning processes give way to self-hypnosis,
the glands which govern your metabolism...
Get out of here.
...are under control.
Like Steve mentioned, without a balance wheel.
When this happens, the glands generate an abnormal supply of certain hormones.
In your case, those which bring about the physical transformation which you experience.
Explaining it doesn't help.
What can you do about it?
Operate?
A surgical operation to enlarge the cranial cavity is a long and dangerous one.
Then there's nothing you can do to help me.
There might be.
Come here, my boy.
Under tropical conditions, which we've tried to duplicate here,
this hybrid plant, the varia formosa, produces a mold from which we've been able to distill...
Well, a substance which possesses the property of softening any hard structure composed of calcium salts.
Bone, for instance.
With this medium, it might be possible without surgery to reshape the cranial cavity and thus eliminate the pressure.
You can do that now?
Yes.
Can you?
Unfortunately, it'll take some time to produce mold in sufficient quantity.
Tonight the moon will be full again.
Time after time, people have tried to help me.
Time after time, they've failed.
If this fails, I...
It won't fail, Larry. You must believe that it won't.
I've tried to.
But when I face the night...
Try to see the night as something more.
Beautiful.
Until the full moon turns it into a thing of ugliness and horror.
Soon you'll see it as everyone else does.
Restful, tranquil, and serene.
Until that time comes, I'll live a thousand hopes, die a thousand times.
It'll never be ugly to you again, Larry. Believe me, I know it.

How do you know that?
My heart tells me.
Wow.
Perfect.
Nicholas Dankjevic, Prince of POFA.
I really like my weight.
I like my legs.
Every time I wear a skirt, I always keep tugging it down because I think my thighs are fat.
Once everyone hits the bit.
I grew up in collisions with these women for years.
Barbie, you're beautiful
You make me feel
My Barbie doll is really real
Barbie's small and so petite
Her clothes and figure look so neat
Her dancing outfit rings a bell
At parties she will cast a spell
Purses, hats, and gloves galore
And all the gadgets gal's adore
And so they starve themselves and they work out like crazy?
Barbie dressed for swim and fun is only $3
Her lovely fashions range from $1 to $5
Look for Barbie wherever dolls are sold
Start thinking all the time in your head
I'm fat, I'm fat, I'm fat
Someday I'm gonna be exactly like you
Till then I know just what I'll do
Barbie, beautiful Barbie
I'll make believe that I am you
Barbie could never be that
Unless I went to unhealthy means to get that
And it's not worth it
I wanna be skinny
Everyone's worried about what other people think
You can tell it's Mattel, it's swell
You're skinny
And it's just, it's not fit
You're look younger, smaller, lighter, taller, tighter, thinner, softer
Barbie, you're beautiful
You make me feel
My Barbie doll is really real
Women are looking at bodies like that going
My stomach doesn't look like that
I'm supposed to look like that?
Barbie, you're beautiful
Barbie, you're beautiful
You are my harbor
Not like other women
Weber, future husband
The love of Bob
Your gift to the next step

Hey�׀ δειλ enzym
Hold on m8
Hope yo Boost Range
Water millennials cryε στο erzählt
L-U-V-U-S-O-V
And I mean by that the greatest of all love.
I'm not talking about that love you see on TV
or in the movies or read about in the back section of the magazine rack.
I'm not talking about sex.
If you don't already know about sex, you're in the wrong church, friends.
Go to one of them non-industrial churches.
If you're afraid of sex, they'll just fuck with your mind.
Everyone here should be experts in intercourse.
But we don't want your mind, friends.
Here at the Church of the Subgenius, our heads are big enough as it is.
No, what we want is your money.
And we don't want your money for ourselves.
No, no, no.
We want it so that you won't.
That's right, friends.
There's nothing wrong with having money.
J.R. Bob Dobbs' very own words said,
In money we trust.
No, friends, the problem is wanting money.
Like the...
Good book he says,
The love of money is the root to all slacklessness.
See, a lot of folks think the saying is,
Money is the root.
But that's just disinformation, friends, put out by the conspiracy in order to confuse you.
It's the love of money that loses you slack.
And believe me, if there's one subject in the conspiracy wants to confuse you with,
it's the desire for money.
Because it's that desire for cash that fuels the conspiracy,
and enslaves 99.9% of the human race.
And yes, even a few unwary subgenies.
You get so wrapped up chasing those pieces of paper around,
that you're too busy to see the conspiracy has got you wrapped around its little finger, heart, body, and soul.
You're so busy working for money, that you forgot money is supposed to work for you.
And that's the good news, friends.
There is a way out of the rat race.
Through the conspiracy.
Money made.
There is a key.
There is an answer.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs has often thought aloud,
Life is a game.
And you can play by their rules, or you can play by your own rules.
But if you play by your own rules, friends,
you can always get away with cheating.
That's right.
See, the conspiracy has got you going around that monopoly board, friends, in circles.
Hoping to pass goal and collect that lousy $200.
You're just trying to last until the end of the week, friends.
Trying to collect that chintzy little ass paycheck.
Praying all the while not to land on someone else's property.
Especially if they have hotels.
Yes, sir.
After that happens a few times, it's game over now, isn't it?
That's because they've got you playing by their rules.
But why not make up a few of your own rules, friends?
It's only fair.
Why should the conspiracy get the monopoly board?
Why should it monopolize all the laws?
It's supposed to be a democracy.
Hell, you already got free parking now, friends.
What does that tell you?
And we know how good it feels to land on that free parking now, don't we?
And you collect that big pot of money in the middle?
Yes, sirree.
But do you think they, the conspiracy, would let you enjoy that little bit of slack deliberately?
Hell no!
It was J.R. Bobstob's idea.
And it pissed them off so much that they expressly forbid the practice,
and their rule book.
I kid you not.
Look it up if you doubt it.
You know what they, the conspiracy, say should happen when you land on free parking?
Nothing!
Nothing at all!
That's right!
It's just supposed to be free parking.
Like a day of rest, Sunday, to pacify you.
So you'll calm down and then go around the board for another week,
and put up with the conspiracy bullshit.
Well, friends, that's not good enough now, is it?
Hell no!
That's not how Bob Dob plays the game.
And that's not how you have to play it either.
But some of you out there are probably wondering,
and you're thinking aloud,
Father Joe Mama, how come Bob's changed that rule for us,
but he hasn't changed the other rules?
Well, friends, I'm glad you asked that.
Because Bob wants you to think for yourself.
He doesn't want to rule your lives,
but he doesn't want the conspiracy to rule it either.
He wants you to rule your own life.
And that's why he's giving you a hand instead of a handout.
Like Bob Dob says,
many a time, you can lead a man to slack,
but you can't make him use it.
He doesn't want to lease you slack.
He wants you to own your very own.
The next rule to break is up to you.
Imagine the possibilities!
Why not agree that when you land on someone else's property,
you give each other no fees, no fines,
just good neighborly hospitality?
Or better yet, make the state pay the fee,
and abolish taxes while you're at it?
You can do it, friends.
You'll make the rules.
Remember free parking?
The possibilities are endless.
Now instead of trading going around the block,
you're actually looking forward to it.
Now you're having fun with the game
instead of the game having fun with you.
Now instead of minding the masters,
you've become master of your own mind.
Now instead of being a board player,
you're chairman of the board.
Now every time is your move.
Now you're using the money instead of the money using you.
Bob turned around all this a long, long time ago, friends.
He also learned that it takes money to make money.
That's exactly what he wants to do now.
Take your money so that you can make more of it.
Show the conspiracy that they no longer have charge of your charge card.
Take it out! Take it out of your wallet right now!
And cut it in half! Send it to us, friends!
Be sure to include both halves.
And also avoid cutting it vertically there.
You don't want to do that.
If you damage the Mad Max Strike, we'll burn that sucker for you.
I promise!
Or better yet, just send us cold, hard cash.
Or sign checks.
We'll even fill them out for you.
Hell, we don't care about the money.
You think we'd be the first church to pay taxes if we cared about money?
No!
We only want to show the conspiracy you don't care about money.
In fact, I'll personally make sure that money is not spent on anything tangible.
That number is on your screen.
Send that money in and praise Bob, amen!
The Miracle of America.
You are a true believer.
Oh, I like money.
Blessings of the state.
Yeah!
How many billions?
Blessings of the massive.
Vow all to such.
But a fundamental part of the American way is our economic system.
I like money.
I like money, though.
Let us be thankful we have an occupation to fill.
I like pride.
Work hard.
Increase production.
Prevent accidents.
And we can afford that.
And ...
Developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers,
but the American economic system has brought greater material means for happiness to more
people than any other system the world has ever known.
All of us should work to defend and improve this system.
Yeah!
You are a true believer.
And the best way to defend and improve our economic system is to learn how it works.
Oh, I like money.
You are a true believer.
Blessings of the state.
My time is yours.
Go ahead.
Yes, fine.
Yes.
We're on the cheetah.
Oh, I like money.
Could you be more specific?
It is on EasyPay.
Lori, take it away.
And what you're getting is you are getting all five of these pieces plus the tote.
I know you're looking, you're blinking.
Money.
Money, money, money.
It's all about money.
Actually, our theme for tonight is not so much money, but body image and daylight savings time.
We heard the wolfman there having problems with his body image.
And some idiotic doctor trying to explain it scientifically.
We all know that the wolfman is simply cursed.
It's as simple as that.
And then some girl trying to act like she was going to love him.
But the collage we just heard about marketing was from our new collagist, Reverend Lee Carlton.
He also did the Barbie vomit collage.
That was some of our body image stuff.
We heard the preacher.
Papa Joe Mama.
And we heard collages by Lee Murr at the beginning.
And now we should be hearing loathsome cowpoke Dave.
I hope.
I hope.
Hello?
Oh, please let it be Dave.
I'm having a suspenseful moment.
I've got Dave turned up all the way.
It says.
Oh, no.
You want to?
This.
No.
Is this Dave?
Can you hear me?
Is that Dave?
Yes.
Now I can.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
Oh.
Dave.
Well, that's good because I assumed you could to begin with.
And then I got doubtful there for, you know.
Well, Dave, I don't know if you knew about the new board at the station.
It's got a new mix board.
No, I did not know.
And I just pushed the wrong button for the very first time.
But maybe.
Maybe I won't do it again.
We really did.
They really did install a brand new, very fancy board in the station.
And it's a little confusing for a subgenius, a little subgenius man to try to figure it out.
And, of course, it didn't help that the conspiracy changed our time control or our time anyway.
No.
What happened here, too, briefly, because the inner uterus device I was using.
I misplanned it as usual on my forehead.
And it just didn't start to stink for a little while.
So I became a little, you know, got a little angry.
I looked up in the dictionary.
And he's called it's a social phobia called called platysma or platasma or something like that.
And it may be referred to the church as a subgenius as a hothouse or a whorehouse den of iniquity or something of propagating these kind of refugees from various parts of the.
Uh.
You know, the devices.
Well, we've always said, send us your raggedy, your your your stinking of frop, your your spoiled rich kids, your bored rich kids, your easily influenced gullible rich kids.
Yeah, that's what we want him want sent to us.
So would you like to put them like.
In a kind of a poor sign form, like if you had a herd of pigs and you had them right between the third rail of the, you know, the old country or backyard fence there and stuff like that.
And, you know, like like Ned Bain, Red Bain, Ned Bain and Deliverance or something like that.
Well, only they were all students of the they're all theosophists and students of theosophy.
Well, one thing that makes them so susceptible to cultish programming is their.
Is the fact that they already think of themselves as pigs, especially oddly enough, the richer and more.
I don't know.
Good looking or the people who inherited a lot of stuff that they didn't earn seem to often have the worst body images.
They think they're pigs when they are in their souls.
But they think it's you know, they all think they're too fat.
Have you noticed that?
They all think they're too fat.
Even the fat ones think they're too fat.
And it's it's the Wolfman had that problem.
All the fat ones are the worst of them all, my lad.
They grow everywhere on radios, on the trees.
I mean, you see them, you smell them, but you can rarely touch them.
And just like this, that they're gone.
Well, one way the conspiracy controls you is.
Of course, they have space control over you.
They control your mind.
They make ladies and girls think that they're supposed to look like Barbie.
And so that's what you might call space control.
And then as they did at two o'clock in the morning, they change the time and make it leap forward with daylight savings time.
And that's how they do time control on us.
You know, they never explained why they passed all those laws.
And I guess Richard Nixon was one of them as an early, early representative was one of the first things he got to sign on to was a bunch of daylight savings time, which I think came right after World War Two.
Well, they and Nixon did do the fifty five mile an hour speed limit nationwide, which was about as popular as a subgenius in a punch party.
But God.
Gee, you know, people people didn't put up with the fifty five mile an hour thing for very long.
I wish I kind of you know, a lot of people would hate me for saying that, but I wish they'd make the maximum speed limit about 30.
But I don't expect that to happen.
And I don't expect the world, the world's humans to have water to drink in the next 50 years.
There's a lot of things I'm glad I won't live to see, but I'm afraid they're going to stick with this daylight savings.
Time thing.
Yeah.
Well, it was an overt attempt to control the minds of many to just a simple act of Congress.
Like we're going to have every day, every third Thursday of every fourth month, everybody's going to have to, you know, expel gas for some cause, either distant or united or based on any sort of collateral damage.
You say you have to expel gas.
Oh, you will have to.
You know, it's.
You'll be expected.
You'll be expected.

You'll be expected to.
It'll be.
If you want to graduate from high school, they'll have these huge burping contests or something like that.
I could have won that.
I don't know.
I can only.
Pardon?
I can burp anytime I want.
How's that, man?
Oh, am I supposed to do that on the radio?
I can't remember.
I was demonstrating my mutant X-Men talent.
Actually, it's more of a it's the kind of talent that makes you want to join Magneto instead of Dr. Xavier.
But yeah, and I've.
It runs in my family.
My niece is able to belch.
Oh, she's way surpassed her teacher.
Me.
Yeah.
I have one niece who also couldn't burp all songs.
Yeah, it's amazing.
I used to be able to do that, but I have the problem of it getting trapped.
I can't get it all out.
I can inhale with my stomach, but I can't exhale all the way sometimes.
And then when it's stuck in there, it's that's a problem.
Well, that's some kind of.
Frisbee.
Yeah, the Frisbee.
Frisbee of the colorectal thermometer that you might have inadvertently given me somebody for a birthday.
You know.
Well, all I know is I'm really proud of my my my niece.
And the thing that makes me the proudest is one day my sister, the mother of this high school kid, went to a.
Well, I.






Like an open house or something.
PTA meeting.
A PTA meeting.
And the teacher came up to her and said, well, Claire's doing real well, even though despite her condition.
And my sister goes, her condition?
He goes, well, you know, the burping.
And my sister went, oh, yes, it's sad, isn't it?
Because the kid had convinced the teacher that it was a condition that she had no control over.
And therefore she could just sit right in the middle.
She got bored in class.
She would just let out a huge belch.
If only she could have been like the great Lepetimane and and inhaled from both ends that way and then let it out.
Bloodlines.
Dang.
Geez.
You know, that's what we need to do.
I agree.
And I need to track down the descendants of Lepetimane, the sons of Lepetimane.
And I don't mean the band Sons of Lepetimane.
That was Philo's band for a while.
But first there will be like these monkey looking creatures or no, they'll have leprechauns before that.
And then they'll have like these creatures who are like one big huge eye in the middle of their forehead and stuff.
They still look kind of like a monkey.
Be kind of pretty shaggy for him.
You know, Dave's become a creationist, Princess.
We wow.
Yes, he's.
That's the creationist line.
Oh, man.
Huh?
That man man was originally a sloth.
Oh, no.
That man.
And unicorns and dragons all frolicked in the Garden of Eden until there just wasn't any room on Noah's Ark for the really large ones like the dinosaurs.
Well, they have plenty of Christian comments with Adam and Eve on dinosaurs.
Well, actually, I've noticed that that's got to be quite a meme on the Internet.
Images of Jesus riding a dinosaur.
I think this was originally sort of a protest against the.
The creationists who.
Well, of course, there's some creationists who say that dinosaurs are made up.
There were dragons because it says so in the Bible and there were unicorns because they're mentioned in the Bible, but it doesn't mention dinosaurs.
So therefore, dinosaurs are just made of the skeletons you see.
And I've heard people say this.
They're really just rocks that kind of look sort of like bones and these egghead scientists put them together and make them look like a dinosaur.
Heck, you can make a dinosaur out of car parts.
In fact, by the way, Princess, we had looked it up.
I Googled how to make a dinosaur out of car parts and we were wrong.
There's not an article out there that all those redneck artists have been using.
They've been doing it on their own.
I found a million pictures of sculptures of dinosaur skeletons, usually theropods, bright dinosaurs made from tractor parts, lawnmower blades, Dave Bones and so forth.
And behind the cabinet drawer.
Everywhere.
And it's just so silly.
These creationists, they should understand that the Bible is a silly fairy tale.
It says in Book of the Subgenius that Bob invented the dinosaurs in a laboratory in 1956.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Now, that's time control, though.
See the fact that that Bob was able to invent dinosaurs in a lab in 1956.
Of course, they based Jurassic Park on that.
But that was equivalent of.
Instead of daylight savings time, they had millennium savings time where they'd switch things back instead of an hour.
But you'd leap ahead 100,000 years.
Or so.
When did they do that again?
I mean.
Well, that's a moot question, isn't it?
Be safe when?
Right.
Right.
Right.
Why do you think 1998 hasn't happened yet?
We thought 1998.
Because it hasn't happened yet.
Right.
Because they keep doing century savings time and Dark Ages savings time and so forth.
What if these were like drills or little experiments conducted by these like huge praying mannish like looking creatures from distant stars?
What do you mean what if?
Oh, yeah, of course.
Anyway.
I don't discount it.
I can't.
This daylight.
This daylight savings time.
We're not the only ones who are suspicious about it.
I got a letter this very morning from our friend Reverend Zafod Rokitansky of Carrollton, Texas.
Praise Zafod.
Well, yeah, majorly.
How much equipment am I carrying that he donated to the church?
Anyway, he wrote me.
It was an open letter to all of us.
All of his friends.
And he said, dear friends, daylight time, they call it.
Slavery equivalent, I say.
The government steals an hour from us in the spring and then pays it back in the fall without interest.
Oh, well, maybe this year when they add a leap second at the end of June, they consider that adequate payment.
I don't.
Notice the creeping socialism of it.
In recent years, they steal our time even earlier in the year and return it even later.
Rip off.
So set your clocks back and accept your loss of freedom or refuse and go out and buy a new gun to defend your freedom and shun any gun stores that buy into this socialism by changing their hours to conform to this atrocity.
This shall not stand.
Put it in your tea bag and soak it.
Paranoia strikes deep into your life.
It will creep a new cause for the Tea Party, just as rational as all the rest of their position.
Yeah.
So says reverend.
I guess he's not a tea belly.
Well, have you heard this is an interesting development?
True.
But there's a group in Florida that have banded together to fight the utility companies to fight the big utility companies with solar power, which everybody in Florida could have and make all the solar power needed not only for the entire state, but a whole bunch of other stuff.
So anyway, the Tea Party's Tea Party and the Tea Party.
The Green Alliance got together like there was like this left right coalition because everybody thought utilities were ripping everybody off and so forth.
And so they called the Green Key Movement.
But that was interesting.
I mean, it was ever boring, but true.
The Green Tea Movement.
It's these people who have disavowed the old Tea Party because they realized where they were getting their money or something.
I don't know.
These were people who genuinely believed in the tea stuff or something.
You know, I don't know.
I don't know.
People with four skins and no labial controls.
No labial controls.
You mean their lips are just a flapping?
No labial controls.
Their lips are just a flapping.
Just a flapping away.
You know who might start?
Speaking of flapping lips, you know who might start calling into this show to compete with Dave?
Tell me.
The only other person that I would allow to call the show.
Who?
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Really?
Well, I mean, we were talking on the phone today.
I mean, he does a show in California that I could call him to, but I don't because I'd have to get up at 7 in the morning to call them at 4 in the morning.
Right.
But if he calls me.
If he calls me at 9 o'clock at night or 9.30, in his time, it's only 6.30 where his time control is.
Of course, depending on daylight savings time and dark age savings time.
He's got it easy out there.
Well, he does and he doesn't.
It's rough for Philo because he lives very close to San Francisco and the radio station is in Berkeley.
And he handles the Green Pasty thing.
They do the puzzling evidence shows done in KPFA and Berkeley.
So he must needs be surrounded by, well, I don't know what to say, but hippie libtards of the most libish kind.
You know, the kind that make me look like Rush Limbaugh because they want it all and they want it now.
And they don't.
They expect the middle of the country, all the farmers and sacred scribes to be just like these.
They're just like these egghead professors in Berkeley.
Now, see, if I lived in Berkeley, I'd become an insane right winger like Dr. Drummond.
I'm not so sure about that.
No, no.
Well, that's what happened.
And the people toiling in the fields.
And you see like the American flag up in the distance and stuff.
And you think to yourself, oh, my wonderful, wonderful, wonderful planet.
And the Rogoco national anthem.
But yeah, we have all this.
Right?
And, and love.
All that kind of ellas.



handed sons of the soil, car mechanics offspring and stuff, why it made us want to rebel against
them and become mighty libtards. But then if you go to some place like, I don't know,
any college town, a big college town where everybody just assumes that you're cool.
I hate people assuming I'm cool. It makes me want to be totally uncool just to prove
them wrong because they shouldn't be assuming things like that. It's silly.
What preachments? So, so, so, Bob Gobs, don't you start acting like you just because I've got long
hair and and redolent of skunk weed. That doesn't mean that I'm going to be some kind of libtard
hippie, although I happen to be one.
Right.
I'll admit it. Speaking of which, I picked up some hippie classified ads. This is from
I'm going to do some really, really short, Dave. I found this magazine called Hippie,
the magazine that turns you on. This is the April 1968 issue. And the price, the price
says thirty five cubes for his free love. Worth it is the headline article. But what I like
about this is that it's not a bad thing for the class of fives and you'll like him, too.
Here's young male hippie leaving for India to find God desires young female traveling
companion in case I don't connect Greenwich Village. Hippie seeks trip to West Coast. I'll
stay here. You drive my mind to California week of July 5th. That's weird. Male hippie.
with one leg seeks female hippie
with one leg. Object?
Real out-of-sight boogaloo.
Wow.
Yeah, those were the days.
Those were the days.
You can still find classified ads like that.
Huh?
Are you sure that isn't from the EZO or something?
Well, actually, it's from my favorite
new book,
Mad About the 60s.
The best of the decade
from Mad Magazine.
And you would love this book, too,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
because I would vouchsafe
that you probably read, like me,
bought all of these
when they were current
in the 1960s
as, like, a little snot-nosed 12-year-old.
Because they were 25 cents
cheap.
And it was the best satire
there was.
What? New worry?
Mad Magazine.
They've, of course, you know, they're still around,
but they were supplanted
by, what, National Lampoon.
Of course, then Lampoon got lame.
And then The Onion.
Yes.
And there was another magazine
that was a mad rip-off.
I can't think of the name. Cracked.
Well, oddly enough, Cracked.com
is really good.
We must mention Funny Times.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah.
To become a purely pulpish thing,
but you can't even submit
via the Internet.
You have to send them hard copy.
You have to send them, you know, paper with cartoons on them
and an actual copy.
I suppose you can, you know,
print it out from your computer
and then mail it and stuff like that.
But, I mean, in a good way,
because they're trying to keep something...
Dave is talking about a magazine
called Funny Times, which we, of course,
have subscribed to on and off
over the years.
That's produced right in Cleveland Heights,
the home of the
Subgenius headquarters.
Or it was born there, at least.
Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure
that we've probably
walked past the hippies
that do Funny Time magazine
in the post office many times.
Yes.
I just don't recognize them,
because they're so old.
They can't tell they're hippies anymore.
And they can't tell I am,
because I always wear my long braid
hidden under my hat
in that place where my,
that hole in my head
where that big organ used to be.
I can pack a lot of hair
into that cavity in the back of my head, Dave.
And I do.
Whenever I travel and go out,
I hide my hippie hairdo.
You're a drama gold.
Because they'll profile you.
And you know what happens
if you're profiled in Cleveland?
They just kill you.
Oh, I see that guy's profile.
He must be dangerous.
I'll kill him.
No, they haven't.
And then they later admit that
a whale of us...
He draws a cartoon
real quick of the guy's face.
He's like,
he's like there's a character.
And then he puts it up
and he says like maybe,
you know,
$50 or a sandwich
or something like that.
And he walks away and cries.
Just like a,
like a big draggled little rat
scurrying along.
I wonder if the cops
will shoot you
for drawing a picture of him
when they're prosecuting
an arrest or something.
You know,
because if you point a camera at him,
they have,
you know,
that's like,
you might as well
point a gun at him.
They're trying to...
They're trying to shoot to kill
when anything with a lens
or a barrel is pointed at him.
It is unusual
that the hippie capital
of the,
of the Great Lakes area there
and the Cleveland Heights area
and stuff also has a very
menacing on occasion
police force.
Especially when a 112-year-old...
Never mind.
It gets back to the dinosaurs
because you're all on steroids too.
Speaking of dinosaurs,
I have a question.
I have a new scheme
for X-Day.
You know,
the prophesied X-Day
when the men from Planet X
come and lift up
the dues-paying subgenius ministers
and believers
and allow them to do
anything they want
using space magic.
Such as,
and that's why I have,
when X-Day finally comes,
I have dibs
on certain things
that I'm planning to beam up
to my escape planet
because we can each have
our own saucer or planet
or whatever.
I'm going to have
an escape planet
and I'm going to beam up...
We've been through this list
a million times on this show.
The Grand Canyon,
the British Museum,
and so forth.
I've got to fit all this stuff
into the Grand Canyon.
I don't want to beam up
anything more than I can fit
into the Grand Canyon.
But one thing,
I suddenly had an idea.
I now have dibs also
on all of the
19 or 20 remaining
Komodo dragons
on this planet.
They're not really dragons.
They're just very large lizards.
They grow up to be
about 12 feet long or so.
And they have
not exactly venomous bite,
but their saliva is so rotten
and nasty
that it infects you
and he then can kill you
while you're limping away,
getting sick and throwing up.
Anyway,
I have dibs
on all of the Komodo dragons.
I think there's about 10 in zoos
and probably about 10 in the wild left.
So X-Day better hurry up.
But here's my plan.
You know, I love this video game
called Monster Hunter.
Well, guess what I'm going to do
with those Komodo dragons.
Now, I'm not going to wipe them out
like the humans would.
I'm going to clone them first
so I have an infinite supply,
just like in a video game.
And I'm not going to grow
the monsters huge.
Using atomic radiation,
because that would be
cruel to an animal.
I'm going to shrink myself down
to about one third my size
and make some cool
giant switchblades and axes
that shoot fire
and lightning out of them.
And I'm going to go hunt
these giant dinosaurs.
Of course, they're just lizards,
but to me, they'll look huge.
And you know, the great thing was
there was a time
when cavemen fought
giant reptiles.
Of course.
Well, it was,
and I don't mean in Genesis.
I mean Homo floresiensis,
the hobbit, they call them.
The early men that were,
they found all these skeletons
in the Isle of Flores.
Yes.
And it was a shrunken version
of human beings
that evolved kind of small.
Well, not humans, exactly.
They're more like a Homo erectus,
a dwarfish midget Homo erectus.
They probably did have hairy feet
like a hobbit.
But they,
also the elephants on this island
became the size of pigs,
yet small things became huge.
And Komodo dragons lived there.
So there were,
there was a time
when little people
were probably chucking spears
at giant reptiles.
And by gobs,
that means at some point
my dream came true.
Somebody got to do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like, I was just thinking
of Turok's Son of Stone.
Remember that old comic book
book from the 90s?
I memorized every issue
of Turok's Son of Stone.
I'm talking about the original,
not the redo.
You know, believe it or not, Dave,
they've, you know how they have
to remake everything.
Well, they did that.
Oh, I might have heard it
in that character.
No, you don't want to know.
You don't want to know.
But the original Turok's
Son of Stone,
for one thing,
he was a son of stone.
So that's cool.
And of course,
like Batman and Robin,
Turok and his young ward,
Andar,
in a world without
any Indian women around,
you had to wonder.
But there were several species
of, let's call them cavemen.
Yeah, the cavemen did.
The ones, the dwarf ones,
they had septic teeth
just like the Komodo.
So they could,
they could like argue,
you know, like in a place,
in the era,
they would have big arguments
in these huge amphitheaters
and stuff.
I don't know who built them,
perhaps some sort of
alien creatures.
But they would get
in the middle of it
and there'd be like different,
you know, like different
quadrants of the place
and be like a Roman Coliseum
or something.
And they'd be fighting
with anvils and storks
and going on the monkey bars
and stuff like that, I guess.
And it sounded like this.
By the large.
The large set.
A bunch of,
he hasn't been doing collages lately.
He's been doing music
that tends to be like
10 or 15 minutes long.
And this one,
I waited until now to start it
because the last five minutes of it,
he took the soundtrack
from pornography videos.
Yeah, it's hot.
But it's too hot for the airwaves.
But that won't come along immediately.
That'll be a while before we hear that.
And you won't get to.
No one will.
Just me.
Me and Princess Wee.
You've got a vested interest.
Well, I'm excited about all these.
The lack of sanity of the population,
that's for sure.
I'm excited about the cavemen
and the dinosaurs
and the future and the past
and how they all run together
in a big time control thing.
And definitely,
how's your body image?
So I get back to the theme.
How's your body image
been doing lately?
Oh, I don't recognize myself.
That's what you mean.
Do you keep wanting to be
look more like Barbie?
No, I'd rather look like Ken
with a huge proboscis
and a suit of body armor
that could deflect
all the Komodo dragons
with one swell poop.
Oh, well,
if I got a video game for you then.
Yeah, you do, man.
That was killing me.
That was wonderful.
Wonderful is anything
I've heard in many, many years
and I wish I could play it.
But unfortunately,
when they took that part
of my brain out,
nobody can use it anymore.
Not even me.
And the sad thing is,
Dave doesn't have any,
a long hair braid
to shove into the cavity left
when they turn the brain.
No, but he can stuff
his double mean baby head in there.
Yeah.
Well, but the double mean baby head
is kind of like...
Yes, perfectly.
But it still doesn't,
it kind of complicates things.
It doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make sense.
And that was better.
Yeah, I can imagine.
You need to change
hair creaming device
that goes right in the back there.
Dave, for our listeners
who don't know this,
Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
our co-spouter,
has a parasitic twin head,
a babbling, drooling baby head
that cusses,
that's on the back of his head.
It doesn't have any body of its own.
It's just the head on the back.
It's not the first time
in history that's happened.
It usually happens
to English noblemen.
Do you have any royal blood?
Oh, of course.
I come from a royal seat.
If you want a call doing that
at the same time
you're trying to have breakfast.
I come from the bloodline
of Jesus, Mary, Joseph, Frank, Lewis.
Lefty, righty.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, you're in trouble, man.
Yeah.
I'm in trouble, man.
Well, you're from the bloodline
of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
Well, I got news for you, dude.
They didn't exist in history.
So you're not really here either, bub.
Actually, I don't know
that Jesus never existed,
but I don't know that he existed.
And I have reason,
I have every reason
to think the whole thing
is just a made-up story
like some people like to do,
inventing religions
out of whole cloth.
Yeah, it's funny because
in one of those Gospels,
it was said that he would be
of the line of David.
And one of the Gospels
has a whole series of begots
at the beginning
trying to chase Jesus' lineage
back to King David.
But then it goes to Joseph
who is not even his biological father.
Yeah, right.
That's really helpful.
Yeah, and they base their whole
cultural identity on this.
Because they all come, you know,
so they're all related somehow.
And they all went to the British Isles
in some year that hasn't yet to be,
you know, this must be
during Roman times, of course.
This has to be before the invasions,
the Saxon invasions and stuff like that.
And, well, no, that hasn't happened yet.
Well, at least as far as I can figure.
But these people still all believe
that there'd be blonde-haired,
blue-haired Anglo-Saxon Protestants
of the tribe of Judah or something.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, Americans are the true Israel of the Bible.
We've known that since the first time
we read the aggressive Christianity tracts.
Just ask a Mormon.
Yeah, yeah.
Heck, now, if Jesus, okay,
so Jesus and his descendants, like yourself,
in the Priory of Zion, which is a hoax,
if you guys have the DNA of Jesus in your blood,
that means you would have some God DNA
because he doesn't have Joseph DNA.
Jesus would have Mary's DNA, but not Joseph's.
If we have Mary's and God's,
is it possible to isolate the God amino acid chain?
And then possibly, like in Jurassic Park,
make new gods, you know, if we could find...
The God gene.
Just any, if you could narrow that God gene down,
we could create God in a laboratory.
God in a laboratory.
God in a test tube.
I tell you.
Can't wash them, stone or dry.
I think the creationists got it backwards.
I think that we weren't made by a God.
I think we're going to eventually make a God
or evolve into one.
Yeah, man, then he'll make a time machine
and go back in time to the Big Bang.
And that's how it all happened, see?
So if we can stop those guys
from inventing that new God and the time machine,
we can keep the Big Bang from ever happening.
Do you realize what this means?
Slack.
Total, pure slack.
Slack.
Well, I hate to agree with you,
but just think of it this way.
What if it was like THX 1138 or something like that forever?
What do you mean, what if?
Again, I have to ask you, what is this what if?
Didn't you see World of the Future?
Let's Visit the World of the Future,
that great non-award winning movie?
That proves that it is indeed.
It's been like that THX 1138 all this time.
The Matrix.
Also.
You know, you're just imagining
that you're on the phone to a college radio station.
Again.
I know, I know.
It's a recurrent nightmare, I know.
It's like the event called Water of Time
or something like where I'm actually on the planet Venus
and everything's reversed.
I know, we've done all that.
We've been through this so many times
because, well, we're just recordings anyway.
We have to.
We're recordings.
We're magnetical.
We're waves.
Goodbye.
If you put enough monkeys in front of enough microphones,
they'll eventually produce this exact same hour of slack.
Given enough time.
That's the thing that the non-scientifical people don't understand
is how much time we're talking about.
And that's where it all falls apart in the expanded brains.
Especially our perception of time.
You know, like how we are measuring it.
See, there you go.
Daylight savings time.
You never did tell me how your body image is, Dave.
You went off on some weird tangent.
No, he said he didn't recognize his body anymore.
That was the only fiction answer I gave you.
I said I didn't recognize myself sometimes.
Like there's some kind of old fat guy or something like that.
You know, I was like, what the?
The me I don't recognize is the one that they claim is me
in really old pictures.
And I keep going, no, that's a nice-looking young actor
that they hired.
And they found.
People who look like our other old friends.
But you can tell it's not us.
There's no way.
We were never that cute.
I don't think we were ever quite that young.
I mean, these were people who were in their 20s.
Give me a break.
That didn't happen.
I'd remember.
Wouldn't I?
Or would I?
Would I?
That gives me wood in my eye just to think about that.
It's like one of those sexist farmers.
They don't have any more farmers' daughters jokes.
They don't have any more farmers' daughters.
That's what's wrong with this country right now.
If they wanted to.
Well, if the farmers would quit throwing the baby girls down wells,
maybe we'd have more farmers' daughters.
And salesmen.
The 13th e-mom is going to come back with you-know-who.
The smart farmers throw the baby boys down the well, though.
And then sell their girls into sex slavery.
That's what it's coming down to.
That's what it's all going to come down to.
And you know why?
Because pornography.
Pornography on the internet.
That's why.
It's because of YouTube.
Are you talking about any local incidences of...
Of what?
Or any of these news items?
Because these things happen all the time.
Even in small communities.
Well, there are future news items in the future with future savings time.
And speaking of future savings time,
the show ends in five minutes,
and I've got 30 more.
I've got 30 seconds to get you off,
because I want to play a song by mythical burrowing animals.
Adroitly put, if you had one to put it in.
And this is the Hour of Slack from subgenius.com,
which is where you can learn everything about J.R. Bob Dobbs
and the Church of the Subgenius and everything else,
although we are broadcasting from WCSB at Cleveland State,
which is a much bigger building than the subgenius.com server.
Thank you.
Suffering from much grander disillusionment.
Right.
And so there, I think I've said that stuff.
I think you said it, too.
Yeah, you said it, man.
I don't think anybody could have really said it.
You know, you did.
It's a mouthful.
Okay, Dave, we're going to go to the news now.
Thank you for sharing your body image problems with us.
It's a hydroglyph.
It's for as long as we can.
Oh, no, no.
No, you first.
I insist.
No, you.
No, after you.
No, I really insist.
From PR News in Washington, I'm pointing to a modest Croatian ferry.
PR News said Greece the ferry.
In Britain, no sign of the Adriatic Sea.
In the French Alps, American workers caught fire.
White House economist Jason Furman surged in the last three years.
And PR News.
The Pentagon says the U.S. and NATO formally ended PR News in Washington.
My every honor is a lie.
Including this one you hear.
I say, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
I got anything for a laugh, I say.
I am.
I am.
The last reigning Homo correctus.
I am the goddamn man of the future.
I'll drive a mile so as not to walk on foot.
I am a human being of the first goddamn order.
I am too intense to die.
For I speak only the fucking truth.
The man of the man.
The man of the man.
The man of the man.
The man of the man.
Yes, I am.
the man of the man.
My imagination is a fucking cancer.
And I'll park it before it parks me.
I think.
Backwards.
I do it for fun.
I coke and eat my dead.
I swam over 그대로.
I swim over metros.

I kidnapped the future and ransomed it for the past
I made time wait up for me I'll live forever and remember afterwards
Yes, I am the purple flower of Hell County Give me wild birds
They say a godzillion is the highest No there is, well by God I count to a godzillion and one
I weigh six hundred and sixty-six pounds and zero gravity
Come and get me
I was told with Jesus I wouldn't go to church and he shook my head
I have my own personal saviors I change them every hour
I don't give a fuck if there's life after death
I wanna know if there's even any fucking sense

I'll give you slack after death I am a goddamn visionary
I see the future and the past In comic books and wine bottles
I paint my jeans I will of my DNA
With the force of my mighty will I steer my own goddamn adventure
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
All that stuff, it doesn't matter.
These are just organizations of men.
And all that stuff...
That cool rake you just bought.
Yeah, that what you bought?
The cool rake.
The rake.
That garden rake that you have after all those years.
You found a rake that works.
Finally.
Struggling for years to find a rake that works, that really fits your hand.
Yeah, that gets just the right amount of leaves.
Gets just the right amount of leaves.
To pull toward you.
And for what?
All that work, all those years of thinking about it to get there.
Yeah, do I get a rake that's got long tines or do I get a rake that has short tines?
Or do I get a poo rake or do I get a metal rake?
Do I want a little piece of wax around the handle to keep it from getting splinters in my hand?
Or do I shut up my gloves to go with my rake?
Those are the kind of things, those conundrums, those hard decisions.
You won't have to make anymore.
Gone in a minute.
Yeah.
Or a second or whatever you call time.
Some kind of passage of time reckoning increment.
Do you hear those sad, lone guys talking in the background?
Yeah.
That's Werner Herzog.
We finally got him.
He's back.
Yeah.
They just got here.
Yeah.
From there.
Yeah.
So you're going to be...
He's going to be making a movie about how cool it is at the end of the world.
You're going to be making a movie on the pleasure saucers, right?
Star Fleet to Scout Ship.
Please give your position.
Over.
I am in orbit around the third planet of Star Nona's son.
Over.
May this be Earth.
Over.
Positive.
It is known to have some form of intelligent species.
Over.
I think we should take a look.
Over.
WCSB Cleveland.
Radio for intelligent species.
You're getting a little edge of me.
