Hello, this is me, but on him.
And I, you know, I just want to say when I first became aware and knowledgeable of subgenius literature or the subgenius foundation,
it seemed like a mixture of science fiction and religion.
You know, like it was like far fetched, a far fetched fantasy.
But now in this time in which the UFOs are appearing in the sky and it's up close and personal,
that they appear at the right position at the right location in the sky,
showing that they know that you're here and they're watching.
You know, you know, you reevaluate, you know, those far fetched, you know, of the subgenius belief system.
But now that the UFOs are appearing in the sky and it's personal.
And, you know, I would just want to say that, you know, you should bring back the subgenius foundation radio ministry hour of black in this new period.
I stand here a victim of the influence of Emanuel Bobstein, guilty on all counts.
I'm glad I was caught.
I was mentally deranged.
Now I am cured.
I ask only for you to accept my love of the subgenius power of.
Bob's balls melted my garter.
Can I get a praise bar?
Well, that's a good one.
Raindrops on kidneys.
I can't.
I can't.
R reading is used in real life relativity.
Having enough, one feels the need to pull out his fingers and then slip out.





All begun.


oh, it's just Republicans doing this and hurting me in my area.
I think this is good stuff up and down.
It's very exciting.
What do you do after the party and hurt me in my area?
You hear a lot of talk about the ecumenical movement.
They say that we should get together and all be one big family.
Catholic, Protestant, and Jew, Buddhist, Muslim, and Hindu.
I guess they want the devil too in the ecumenical movement.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Repent!
I am God.
You are God.
Nonsenseical!
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
How can you rethink the absurd?
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Ditto!
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Nonsensical!
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Our people, we are the twisted emperor.
Our church is a day of full of a bunch of spiritual retards.
With a bunch of brain-clushing preachers.
And they haven't figured out.
This thing is for real.
We are in a war.
I am God.
Oh, you are God.
We are all God.
Free from danger.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
Oh, you are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Be free.
Be free.
All beings.
Everywhere.
Everywhere.
And I cry.
Free.
Free from physical slavery.
And I cry.
Free.
Free.

Free from physical slavery.
Free from physical slavery.
Be free.
We're all regularly in peace.
Be free.
Be free.
Be free is freedom.
Be free.
Be free is peace.




I need to get out of here.
The heaven is given you зар College WalkBiden.
Peace and happiness.
This is what 바� bar is called because my racism is tested everywhere.
Whatever you do, 커하 pigeon as X-T Long!
threats as X-血s and prostitutes call K mercilessness.
Is pushes.
And unless we are free of fear, peaceful and happy,
we cannot fully bring another to peace and happiness.
Not just once more with feeling.
If I'm my way, I will be God Almighty and just walk it off the plate.
Because you know as well as I do, black people are a damn, damn nation.
God save us, make it be safe.
God save us.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Be free from the title of slave
You are God
We are all God
Be free
Be free
Everywhere
God of the Christian Bible
Death is absolutely
Satan
Satan
Satan
All be
Everywhere
You are God
We are all God
What do you say?
May all beings
Everywhere
Be in need
To carry out their lives
Unless we
Are free of fear
Yes
I am God
You are God
We are all God
I am God
You are God
We are all God
We are all God
No race, power, myth, or monk
I am God
No passion
You are God
No sermon
We are all God
No chance, crime, news, candle, or hymn
I am God
No picnic
You are God
Nobody
We are all God
No dance or bingo
No image benign, bereaved, or crucified
No ordained saint or confirmed miracle
No literature but one book
And no God but us
Yes, dear friends, one book and one song there by the 180Gs.
Yes, that was indeed the 180Gs covering Negative Land's song called I Am God.
They sure sound different from the Negative Land originals, don't they?
Amazing.
This background music, by the way, this intro tune.
I heard this little music every weekday when I got home from school.
I know the feeling.
The great Icky Twerp there, friends.
He used to introduce the Three Stooges and Popeye every weekday when I was a little boy in Fort Worth.
It just brings back, it inspires me, brings back memories and inspires me to live up to the model that Icky Twerp was for all of us Twerps.
And we have a theme tonight on this hour of Slack, number 1,228, and that is the credits, which I almost forgot to say.
The collage just before the 180Gs from NegativeLand.com.
Was by Norell Preff from NorellPreff.com.
And pretty much everything before that was collaged by the great Fernanda Nendi, Lee Murr.
I'm your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Princess Wee is here.
Aloha.
And we're going to be talking tonight about the Balloon Boy.
Actually, we'll be talking about the Balloon Boy's dad because we have a scoop.
My son, it turns out, used to work for the Balloon Boy.
He was the Balloon Boy's dad and had a little tale to tell.
We'll be telling that tale.
We also have some poetry about the Balloon Boy that was written by alt.slack individuals.
That's our news group.
You can find if you Google alt.slack.
Oh, there's alt.slack in the background.
We are.
It is.
It's that's something that Tater turned us on to.
It's called Leo Cupper Radio.
And it goes on like this for quite a long time.
It's it sounds familiar.
It sure does.
Yeah.
Leo Cupper.
Cupper with a C.
I know how they do that.
We know how they do that.
We know how.
This is a good one for Dave and we because Dave will be calling in.
Anyway.
On my bald hair, he likes this kind of talking too.
The yeah, the Balloon Boy.
That was big news this week, although some of our listeners may it may already be really old news.
And of course, now we know that the Balloon Boy sailing through the air was all part of a hoax by a rather nutty family.
And we have a great deal.
Of detail on just how nutty that family is.
Some of it hasn't made the news and some of it is is from the news.
Where's my little script here?
Oh, it's underneath my burning river roller girls catalog.
Yes, we have.
My son, as I say, used to work for this nut, Richard Heen and another person who used to work for the night.
Oh, here's the speaking of nuts.
I believe we have.
A lonesome cowboy.
Dave Keane.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's.
There's the day he blends right in with the women.
Can you hear the women, Dave?
Yes, they sound like Balloon Boy.
Well, the Balloon Boy's mom actually is what they they sound like.
Mayumi Heen.
I've learned a lot about this family.
Oh, she is considered to be what they used to call a Yoko-ish character.
I guess so.
Kind of a stern, maternal or Asiatic type woman.
Well, yeah, she's Japanese.
Not so stern, I don't think.
No, and we'll be hearing a recording of her calling the 911.
Actually, first, I'm going to read my son's description.
Then we'll play.
Then we'll read some poetry by the ladies of Alt.
Not Slack, including Tater.
I wouldn't call them ladies.
Well, it depends.
Especially not Tater.
They sound more like discarnate voices, but, you know, it's oblivious to a bat.
We do have the recordings of Balloon Mom and Balloon Dad talking to 911.
I was informed by Charleston that they called the local news stations first
about their disaster with their son.
And then called.
Called the emergency people.
Well, any peruser of media hoaxes would, of course.
We all could discover that at the hour of Slack.
Our noses were directly on the grindstone immediately with all the distances and proximities
and just the way the whole thing shaped up.
I was so sad to find out that it didn't happen.
You know, I was hoping that there really was a balloon boy soaring overhead.
Actually, Princess Weave, why don't you read?
I believe first.
First, there's a comment.
But Reverend Back It On Up, before we knew it was a hoax,
while we thought that the noble balloon boy was actually, well,
it was after the balloon had fallen to the ground and the boy wasn't in there
and everyone thought he had fallen out.
That was when the subgeniuses wrote their sick poetry,
as seen here by Princess Weave.
Reading of Reverend Back It On Up 13.
Teens poem.
Oof, somebody's gonna have a pretty traumatic time
cleaning the roof gutters this winter.
Hey, balloon boy, I think I'm falling for you.
It's like my head is in the clouds.
You make my heart soar.
Hey, balloon boy, no one takes me higher.
I feel a crash is coming, but I still want moar.
Dear balloon boy,
inflate my heart.
I'm plummeting into love, and I may disappear.
Sweet balloon boy, float me to paradise.
Watch out for the eagles.
I can see my house from here.
Certainly an objective view from a fan of the balloon boy.
I noticed many hearts were throbbing out there as that child soared almost into oblivion,
but he was stuck in a rude cabinet designed by his erstwhile insane father.
Actually, people are starting to wonder whether there was even a cabinet.
Although, supposedly the police searched.
Anyway, get this.
My son was watching the news.
Actually, he says he was doing his regular skimming of Gizmodo headlines
when he came across this crazy story about a kid who floated away in a homemade flying saucer.
And it turns out to be...
Nepotistic.
Yeah.
He worked for Richard Heen.
My son did.
My son is now a director in Hollywood of commercials.
But before he got that job, and now I'm going to read his letter.
And after months of searching for a job in 2002 when I first moved to L.A.,
I wound up in a desperate position at Mayumi Productions.
That's a nonsensical play on his Japanese wife's name, Mayumi.
He thought it was genius.
He thought he was...
He hired me and two of the dumbest cute girls I've ever met.
Blonde jokes don't begin to scratch the surface of the true stories I frequently retell about these bimbos.
He always spoke at the top of his lungs as though the building was on fire.
He had super serious diabetes.
And he slept all day long while his wife and I did the work.
The establishment, by the way, purported to be a post house that cut reels for actors.
But he had big aspirations.
His wife, Mayumi, was pregnant with their second kid when I worked there.
And she barely spoke a lick of English.
She was sweet and competent, but was constantly yelled at and berated by Richard.
And I mean yelled at and berated.
He would accuse her of not working and then proceed to take a nap,
insisting that he was brainstorming multi-million dollar ideas,
like his groundbreaking TV show about what can be made from cardboard boxes.
Or his book of hidden camera photography to expose the fact that people pick their noses in traffic.
He once showed me a self-help video for penis enlargement,
which involves tying progressively heavier weights to your member and swinging them back and forth.
I saw this video.
The office was a sick mess and looked like our messy childhood neighbor's living room.
And I...
Let me put it this way.
It would make my house look like we had a maid.
He had a senescent dog that urinated everywhere it went.
And the smell of the office did little to hide it.
Much of my time was spent vacuuming up his ailing dog's urine.
The paychecks always bounced for the two girls.
Whoever deposited first got paid.
And I always did it on my way home on payday, whereas they waited a week or so.
And of course, they were the ones living paycheck to paycheck.
At least he gave them the single parking space.
At the building.
Useful for when their broken down cars weren't doubling as smoke machines.
I wish I had recordings of this guy's rambling insanity.
But all I have left are the above memories.
At least now I have these fantastic news stories.
And apparently their episode of Wife Swap, if I can track it down.
Now...
I'm now going to play tapes involving these people.
For the first is a guy named Robert Thomas.
Who was a fellow kook of Richard Heen's.
Who worked with Heen.
And he has been tattling to the media all day about how crazy he is.
We have the soundtrack of the actual balloon boy moment of takeoff.
When the family, who are terrible actors.
Knowing that it's a hoax now.
Listen to these people as they lose the balloon with the boy on board.
And as they call 911.
And so forth.
And we may also hear from our frequent caller.
Bernard.
So just keep listening.
Dave, yes.
I was just going to say.
I think we could perhaps in a bit we could sum this all up to a historical perspective.
Because remember the old Bob and Ray bit.
Where the guy was building a spaceship.
With twine paper bags.
Cellophane.
And a cardboard box.
Well you don't necessarily have to remember.
Bob and Ray.
I remember that from every X day we've ever had.
What are you talking about?
You forgot the chewing gum.
It's the same old story.
Okay.
Here.
Some.
Listen.
Pay attention Dave.
And you'll learn a lot about the great Dick Richard Heen.
A lot of his intentions were driven by ego and fame.
And you know he had some radical ideas of how to go about doing it.
And one of those ideas is you know the concept of creating a fake UFO.
And you know.
Utilizing the media attention and you know the shock that it would have on the general population.
You know I kind of went along with it.
There was never any mention of you know accidentally leaving his children on board.
He would make light of the whole situation by saying hey.
But the controversy is what made me famous.
And you know I said well what did you mean by that?
And he said well you know I'm not saying that.


The controversy.
And he's like well think about it.
We were the hundredth episode of Wife Swap.
And why is it that we're the most recognized Wife Swap family in episode?
It's because of the controversy.
He's like I don't care what people you know say about me as a person.
The fact of the matter is they know who I am.
And I did that right.
Then we kind of delved into the area of UFOs.
And while we're talking about it.
You know Richard said.
How much do you want to bet we could facilitate some sort of a media stunt.
That would be equally profound as that of Roswell.
And we could do so nothing more than a weather balloon and some controversy.
Oh here's the actual stage disaster.
Ah!
Hold on Brad.
Cut.
Record.
Yeah.
Three.
Two.
One.

Whoa!
Oh my god.
Are you in?
Heather!
What?
Get in!
Put the phone in the house!
I did!
I did!
Put him in!
This woman and her husband stating that their six year old son.
They had an experimental flying saucer that they built.
They believe that their six year old son is in it.
And flying around.
They left on him 20 minutes ago.
Okay.
Thank you.
He's on the phone with you now.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Ma'am.
Yes.
What's your name?
My name is Maya Mahaney.
And so it was an experimental plane?
Yeah.
It's a flying saucer.
It's a flying saucer?
Yeah.
And is that, that's gone too, right?
Yeah.
Um, about 20 minutes I think.
It's been, they've both been missing for about 20 minutes?
Yeah.
Okay.
We gotta, we gotta get my son.
Okay.
We're gonna get him.






Okay.
Does he know how to work the flying saucer?
Yes.
I'm sorry?
He's the only, I think, calling somebody.
He what?
He's calling somebody.
He's calling somebody?
Yeah.
Who's calling somebody?
My husband.
Okay.
Let me talk to him.
Okay.
Hello?
I'm looking around the house more.
Hello?
Ma'am?
Yes.
Did you find him?
No.
Okay.
Okay.







I'm sorry.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Some of the theories that Richard came up with like reptilians and these, I don't know
if you're familiar with reptilians but the whole concept is that there's these, these
alien beings that walk among us that are sort of shape shifters, that are reptilian in nature
and able to resemble normal human beings yet they run the upper echelon of our government.
You know, his obsession with, with UFOs and the, you know, the world's most mysterious
and aliens kind of led to the idea that somehow the secret government has been covering up all of this,
you know, since the United States was established,
and that the only real way to get the truth out there is to, you know,
basically somehow use the mainstream media to raise him to a status of celebrity
that he was able to communicate to the masses.
As the weeks progressed, you know, his theories kind of got more and more extreme and paranoid.
A lot of stuff surrounding 2012 and the possibility of there being an apocalyptic moment
where Richard liked to talk a lot about the possibility of the sun erupting in a large-scale solar flare
that would basically wipe out the Earth.
And it kind of got to the point where, you know, he was, you know, he's really pressing me
and kind of saying, you know, we're running out of time, we're running out of time,
the end of the world is coming, and, you know, we have to take necessary precautions
to make sure that, you know, we aren't, you know, among the majority that is going to be killed.
Yay, praise Bob!
Hello, this is me, Bernard.
Bernard, you know, the Subgenius Foundation,
the ministers, you know, are absolutely right about the conspiracy, you know,
especially those of us who have ancestors who fought in the American Civil War
against the federal union, because there exists a conspiratorial union
that I've been dealing with for a long time, since after high school,
even before I knew that a conspiracy of their kind exists.
And tonight, the UFOs are returned in the sky.
You know, I just wonder, wanted to know, wonder, you know, when will X-Day come?
Now UFOs show that they really exist.
They do exist, and they appear in the sky, and it's personal.
I mean, they appear in the sky for me, not for anyone else.
They appear in the sky for me.
Bernard, you know, seeing, you know, that I'm odd, I'm weird, I'm...
No.
Well, that's certainly not true at all.
You remember Bernard, our regular caller.
He's a saint.
Yeah.
He wears a little oak barrel around his neck, and he goes and he helps people with a fallen leaf in the snow.
Actually, on some of his calls last week, he revealed that he had been drinking during...
He tends to call on the weekends after 3 a.m.,
and he'll leave like a dozen or two dozen calls that are pretty close to identical
until my message machine runs out of space to record.
But so, it just goes to show, I mean, Richard Heen is not a...
Alone.
Well, yes.
That's what I was just going to say.
Heen-y, Beanie-teen-y is not an interesting concept when you view it from the perspective of St. Bernard there,
because we know in the Church of the Subgenius that the world already has ended,
unlike this idiot who keeps on predicting it over and over again.
It's already been predicted, and it's already happened.
It keeps replaying each year, and stupid events like Balloon Boy keep on happening,
but that's because of the disaffected masses.
It's subconscious...
Subconsciousness.
Well, indeed, it is true.
And here's what...
Listen to what Reverend Backiton-Up had to say about the masses' interest in this sort of thing.
She said,
It's kind of weird that people seem so interested in this story.
I only knew about it because somebody at my job went positively berserk when it hit the news
and ran around telling everybody to drop everything
and watch this amazing...
flying boy or whatever.
Something I've noticed about office people,
they seem always poised to get swept up in something.
Maybe it's just a break from the drudgery, I don't know,
but while I didn't give two hoots about Little Falcon and his wonderful balloon machine,
I watched seemingly rational person after seemingly rational person
get transformed into some carried-away child-care-about-her
like a zombie virus was passing through.
Oh my God, I hope he's okay!
Oh, if that was...
If that was my child, I'd be going crazy right now.
Somebody, I'm looking to the parents!
How could they let this happen?
All at once, like a parody of an angry mob.
I imagine it must have been like this in offices across the country
when JonBenet Ramsey got written out of the script.
I mean, tragically murdered.
Balloon Boy is the conspiracy.
All these exciting news stories are part of the conspiracy.
Dancing Baconators on top of towers with rifles,
a chorus line of snicker bars designed to destroy...
...stract me from the one important thing on Earth,
which I will never let myself forget,
Ian Anderson's tights.
I thought it was slack.
Well, and this was the big boss of this area talking,
Reverend Backett on that, and she has her own priorities, I'm sure.
Well, you can imagine, not only in an office setting,
but as you're driving around to different venues like malls and or coffee shops,
to hear these people babbling...
...as this subject continued over the airwaves for, you know, this update,
and this update, is the child still in there?
And then the disappointment of the people when the child wasn't in there,
and then the...
Well...
Strange, wasn't it?
Balloon Daddy, Mr. Heen...
Very astute man he is.
He was.
As a matter of fact, here's another thing my son said
after he read the alt.slack poetry.
He said, it's weird that people seem so interested in this story.
As a publicity stunt, the whole thing is eerily similar to a screenplay
Richard Heen wrote about a guy who escapes from prison
just to see his son one last time,
and the entire thing is told through the eyes of news cameras,
home video cameras, and security cameras.
It's all about a crazy renegade becoming famous through modern media outlets,
all for the noble love of his son.
Richard, of course, wanted to play the part of the fugitive.
You have to admit that done right, it's not a bad idea at all.
I read the script, and it wasn't half bad, actually.
Well, yes, of course.
We know the references to Charlie Manson and other people like that.
Mickey and Mallory.
And then when you think about Stephen King's inside joke,
all work and no playmate, Jack Adolphe Boyce.
And there you go.
He believed it.
Well, the funny thing is I've worked for a lot of characters sort of like that,
and certainly we encounter...
We encounter them in some genius land.
For instance, all the guys who think they're Bob.
I mean, there really are people out there who think they're J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Now, of course, one of them is, and that's the real Bob.
That's the problem, too, is you're pretty sure, I'm totally uncertain,
and I think we might have a better, much vaster grip on this than I do,
of which one of this unctuous legion of minions is actually the true Bob.
The actual Bob.

The actual slap-a-jawed avatar of Slack, you know, but...
The one you never hear talking.
The one that you just bought a whole lot of stuff from and don't even remember.
The silent black leader.
He's definitely not the one who's blibber-blabbering.
He's not me.
He's not you.
He's not anybody else you hear jibber-jabbering on podcast.
Nay.
But back to the more important than Bob.
There's Balloon.
Balloon Boy.
Actually, that's B-A-B.
Bab.
Bab-a-loon boy?
The Balloon Boy.
You could call him Bab for short.
Praise Bab.
Now, when the subgeniuses still thought that it was not a hoax
and that the balloon had come down without Balloon Boy in it because he'd fallen out,
our friend Tater, Reverend Tater, wrote this one.
I just want to ride.
I just want to ride in my daddy's big balloon.
Way up in the air in that silvery balloon.
I could float across the plains forever in the sky because I can fly.
I'm going to fly.
Up, up and away in my daddy's big and silvery balloon.
Things are getting tough in my daddy's big balloon.
Didn't know it'd be so tough to control this big balloon.
Okay.
Now I peed my pants.
And I'm going to cry.
I don't want to fly.
Spiraling towards the ground in this horrible, this damnable balloon.
Falling down head first into a chimney.
They'll search the whole state just to find me.
If by some chance you find a piece of me, you'll find the rest inside the fireplace.
You probably won't recognize my face.
Death is waiting there in my daddy's balloon.
Big balloon.
Mom pulled out her hair when they found the downed balloon.
If you'll call the child services, they'll crucify because I died.
Up, up and away in my daddy's big, my daddy's big balloon.
By Tater.
By Reverend Tater Gumfries.
Well, that was quite erudite as well.
Well, he's the editor of...
So many insights.
He's the editor of...
What?
What?
What?








The Kearns-Holler Science Journal.
Well, it is a very scientific journal, too.
I suppose there was supposed to be...
Oh, no, it is.
...a peer review and little marks at the bottom of the page saying,
See also.
Yes.
The Kuzla's Dictionary of 12 Obscene Signals.
That's right.
Paramours of Unctuous Junction by Markalew Hendry and the rest of the whole crew
who believed in Balloon Boy.
And actually, he had a separate career from that of me, Mr. Heen.
And he was paid off in silence by another group of people who wanted him to defunct the whole thing.
At least these are some of the insights I'm getting on the psychic connection.
I like to try and, like, focus my third nostril in, like, the same kind of direction and just see what images come in.
And that's what I'm getting.
I don't know if it needs to be...
Of course, it's all could be obscene BS.
I'm seeing people in...
And, uh, rude panties and strange artifacts dancing around in its 1890 in a heinous balloon, you know.
That sort of thing.
If anyone could psychically sync up, it would be you, Dave.
Hand me the spyglass.
It looks down there.
It looks like Stang is doing something obscene in the water down there.
It looks like he's playing with his giant acorns again.
Oh!
I only have one giant acorn left.
What do you mean, left?
That's a half-full...
I dress...
The way of looking at hinge balloon.
Hey, I dress to the left, okay?
Now, uh, Reverend Zapanaz wrote a haiku.
This is a very short haiku about Balloon Boy.
Before we knew he didn't fly or die.
A hinge balloon sounds like a communications theory on its way to merge right soon anyway, I'm sure.
Well, it rhymes...
It's kind of like...
Which is...
It's...
But, uh, let's not get lost in the dogmas.
Zapanaz wrote this haiku.
Wafting through the sky, little boy flies magically down the chimney.
Whoop!
And, uh, Princess Wee, did you have another, uh...
Yes.
You had one by Reverend Anna Dynamite, didn't you?
Yes, I do.
This is, uh, Reverend Anna Dynamite, who, by the way, is the long-lost daughter of Dr.
Todd and Legume.
A true story.
Is this also a pandamistric...
Pandameter...
Well, this...
Or rhymes in a double haiku?
No.
This is a real poem.
A poem.
By Anna Dynamite.
Took off one day, went for a flight.
But upon landing, he wasn't in sight.
Where is Balloon Boy?
Where did he go?
Up in the sky, way up high.
No one knows.
Was he in it in the first place?
Or did he...
Fall into outer space?
Where is Balloon Boy?
Where did he go?
Up in the sky, way up high.
No one knows.
Check your chimney.
Check your roof.
He might have fallen with a mighty oof.
Where is Balloon Boy?
Floating in the air.
He's the mystery of the day.
But tomorrow, we won't care.
Well, I think if we actually examine the semantics of what's being proposed here,
there is that the Balloon Boy himself represents a young, spirited figure,
still a youth, incapable understanding that he soon will be catapulting towards the Earth
at a speed close to the speed of sound and crushing every major organ of his body.
He does not feel, nor does he fear at first.
He's bold.
He wants to conquer the world in his daddy's flatulence.
He wants to leave his mark, so to speak, like a giant squirrel across the prairies of North America,
as his...
His butt expands with his knowledge.
Here's a public service message about children.
Children have a lot of questions about sex.
Be on the lookout for children between the ages of six months and six years.
Gross!
Very young children are easy to treat, but above all, they should be ignored.
Call the New York State Integrated Pest Management Program.
I feel better already.
Where was the saucer? Was it in the backyard?
Yeah, here, take that.
Uh, hello?
Yes, is this Richard?
Yes, it is.
Okay, how long has the six-year-old been missing?
Um, just a few minutes, um...
Was the flying saucer in the backyard?
Yes.
Okay, does it...
It obviously has electronics so that he can know how to work it,
and he gets it up off the air, off the ground?
No, he doesn't know how to operate.
He does not know how to operate.
So, and that's gone, though, too, right?
So we are sure that he's in that.
Yeah, we...
We looked everywhere, and then my son just said,
he said, yeah, he wouldn't try doing it before it went off,
because we had it tethered.
It wasn't supposed to take off.
Okay, and was it running then?
Well, it doesn't run.
It's, look, it's filled with helium,
and it operates off of a million volts
to move left and right horizontal.
Okay.
And we were testing it to find out what effects we could get.
Okay.
But every five minutes, it comes on for one minute,
and it emits a million volts,
and it emits a million volts on the outer skin.
Okay.
And if he kicks it or touches it, he could get electrocuted.
Okay.
Who the hell is calling me?
Oh, here I go.
Okay.
So he said it right straight for the Loveland Airport.
I only hope the FAA, you know, was listening to me,
because when an aircraft hits it, I mean, you know...
And is it silver in color, or...?
Yeah, it's...
It's got aluminum foil on it.
Okay.
That's how it gets its heart...
Okay, hang on just a second.
Don't hang up.
Sir, I'm going to go ahead, and we've already contacted the FAA.
They've already been aware of...
Made aware of it.
I'm going to go ahead and call the Loveland Airport
and let them know as well, okay?
Sir?
Hello?
Hello, this is me.
I just want to say the continuous foundation
is right about the conspiracy of pink.
You know, the pink members,


in the world of society.
You know, I just talked to my mother,
and, you know, I told her...
Tell her that, you know, like the representatives
of the establishment, you know,
if they come to subject me to a tyranny or something like that,
the UFOs start appearing in the sky,
and I told her about, you know, someone coming in, you know,
because when something goes wrong,
the UFOs start to appear in the sky.
But every time I talk about the UFOs,
my mother starts to become impatient
and says you've got to do something,
or you can't do anything about it.



or goes into these mood swings, these hot, down mood swings,
whenever I talk about the UFOs.
And I tell her that that's part of our subgenius religion,
that the UFOs are going to come and take us away from here.
And whenever I talk about the UFOs, she does.
He gets cut off every time he talks about the UFOs.
Actually, my message machine shuts off after one minute.
But he always just starts this message all over again.
That was a fairly typical one.
I think the lad has too much of mercury oxide just underneath his scalp,
close enough to the implants, so that causes all this oozing to go on.
And then he has to express himself transphonally.
Well, he's a subgenius, what can you say?
He's definitely a dues-paying subgenius.
In fact, I found his application form from the 90s, late 90s,
when I was digging up stuff for my subgenius history class.
He's not a Y man.
He's a Y.

He's not a wise man.
He's a wise man.
Wise man.
Oh, never.
I ruined it.
I'm sorry.
Now, one of the subgeniuses that some of us may know,
Reverend Teeters LaVerge,
he read my son's account of this particular Hollywood nut, Richard Hearn.
And he said, yeah, LA's full of kooks.
One reason I like it there.
Hell, all of California's full of them.
But this type of guy is all too familiar.
And the funny thing is that they seem a bit strange on the outside,
but one can usually tolerate it in very small doses.
But once you get to know them, they're totally, completely insane.
You can have a conversation with them if you try.
But once they start to get into the swing of it
and forget to hold what little control they have over themselves,
then the insanity comes out.
And they're genuinely surprised when you tell them their art, film, thoughts, ideas, etc.
are not that good.
That is, if you can get a word in edgewise.
These people really live in their own enclosed world.
But they do seem to be able to attract and dominate others.
That is the creepy thing.
I would see this absolutely weirded out guy in Colorado
who thought himself a great genius immortal poet
and his amazingly hot 20-year-old girlfriend.
No problem there.
But once I finally got to talk to the guy and read his, quote, work, unquote,
I almost dishonored my pants.
It was so bad.
That it couldn't even be good bad.
It simply sucked.
And he had this young woman wrapped around his finger
convinced that she was honored, her word,
that he would take her under his wing.
She paid all the bills.
She had all the money.
And he stank.
I mean, he really smelled horrible.
And I don't think he was consciously using her.
He just really thought that he was the best poet alive.
Well, most poets stink.
And they don't know they're alive.
And some of them aren't.
I think, you know, we all saw the movie one time when we didn't.
It's real well.
Probably didn't see about dead poets and so forth.
No.
So we know that's why they smell.
It's because they've been decomposing for a while.
Well, as Zapanes said, he said,
I think people are eager to find somebody who looks like they know what they're doing to follow.
Well, that's the new P.T. Barnum is also like a poet then.
He strides out on the stage with a spurless,
two headed monkey behind him and the child with one large foot and so forth.
And he begins to make these grand pronouncements and stuff.
Suddenly, like a UFO appears above his head.
Right.
And it's like raining down all this, like subgenius type.
Well, if only.
Yeah.
Well, well, that's the idea.
See, and then once once we gain control over everybody's minds, we can like march him over cliffs and stuff and do things like that.
As long as someone wields the whip.
Somebody else will want to get whipped.
And somebody will want to watch it, too.
Well, you're right.
Well, that's me.
I'm the one with the video camera.
I'm not the one whipping or being whipped.
No, you're the one showing everyone flagellating.
You're not the selling tickets to it.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's funny.
Some of the the most screwed up people I've ever known in my life had followers.
I don't know if I want to name names.
Reverend Buck naked.
But back in Dallas, that guy, I mean, he was really, really difficult to deal with.
And yet, just because he had a sort of a an overpowering personality.
In other words, he never shut up.
There were these kind of wimpy geeks that would love to go to his weekly club meetings and be in his band.
And I mean, they were.
I hate the use.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
And I was just going to say that the church has been indeed inundated with many characters who have believed not only that they are Bob, but that they are just wimpy, deep, you know.
Yeah.
And stuff like that.
But we see this in greater life.
I remember once as a youth, there was a person who tortured everybody with his skill at the keyboards.
I'm not talking about anybody.
We currently.
We have known and stuff like this way back.
And then he would like, ha ha.
I'll never play for and say all these weird things and stuff like and people started a cult around this person.
And he would torment you when you were on drugs and stuff.
Well, are you sure you're not talking about the X-Day and Dr. Legume?
Yeah.
Well, not exactly.
He really does.
More like that.
Yeah, actually.
Yeah.
Well, it's it's it's real easy to run that mind control experiment.
And sometimes it stops being an experiment.
You know, I guess.
Well, of course, that wouldn't happen to us.
Well, Papa Jim made everybody drink the substance, the Kool-Aid.
I don't hate to say the phrase, but didn't Papa Jim do such a thing and was pulling with the mind?
Of children while he did it for the national mediums.
Mm hmm.
And that much the same way that Mr. Science, this new program is allowing his three year old daughter to fly to Zanzibar and a hastily built tin can design tuna fish thing.
We saw a music video today that those that Richard Hearn made out of his home movies starring his three kids.
It's called Pussification or we're not Pussified.
That's the name of the.
No more Pussification or something like that.
And it was dumb.
Dumb.
I mean, I say this as a subgenius, as a as somebody who knows they're a subgenius.
Even to me, this seemed really dumb.
Twice as dumb as most dumb people are.
It struck me as a way to.
Have your kids forever be marked with the dumbness of of you, the dad.
Now, you notice that I haven't been mentioning my son's actual human street name because I don't.
I haven't.
I dragged my kids into the church of the subgenius by way of old tapes they made when when they were four or five.
And I used to mind control them like Richard Hearn does.
And actually, they just.
I never asked them for anything.
They would volunteer.
They'd go, hey, hey, let me.
I've got a little Bob riff.
And they'd come in and go, if you don't love Bob, he's going to kill you.
He Bob you out.
So in my cult, it was like the kids.
It would be would have been the kids idea to actually jump in the flying saucer and fly away and get dad in trouble.
Or it wouldn't be me.
I'm in the flying saucer going, kids, let me die.
Oh, if I told my kid to do something like that, he would have said no.
Oh, and if I said I want you to lie to the media that so that from now on, you'll always be known as the balloon boy.
And you'll you'll be laughed at whenever you ask anybody out on a date.
So go, aren't you Falcon Heen?
The balloon boy.
Your dad's the dumbest idiot in the world.
I bet you thought he was great.
Well, just think of it this way.
You're the dumb dad who exposed your son is the one who exposed Heen.
Well, you know, the sad thing is there's some other guy.
There was another on his resume forever.
Thanks to you.
That's what I'm saying.
I haven't mentioned the kid's name.
Have I?
No.
And he found it next thing.
Ignat.
No, no.
Eat.
Eat.
It does sound like it next.
It Nats.
It Nats.
But it's it Nats.
It Nats.
Yeah.
Go ahead and look it up on the Internet.
And see what happens.

It's got the hard sound after the soft sound.
Don't care.
So.
But then again, you've had so many offspring from your delusive, absolutely tyrannical
episodes in what?
Bum, bum, bum, someplace in the Middle East and stuff and Dobbs town with the dalliance.
Yeah.
And they weren't all my offspring weren't all born of woman.
And they weren't all born of human.
No.
Or of humus either.
Well.
Well, sometimes that was fun.
But Princess, we pointed out that we have a couple more molded, you know, into different
shaped children.
Yeah.
That's what's staying.
You just you guys just remind me of why didn't they have the old alchemist run out to the
street and grab the guy that, you know, the crier and stuff, say, Hey, my homunculus just
got my six.
My poor little homunculus balloon.
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Why didn't he?
Yeah.
Yeah.

Well, here's here's a really artistic poem that back it on up.
I love those.
Princess, we will we'll now read back it on up other point.
Read it like Percy Dovetonsils in the old Ernie Kovacs stage.
I'll try two roads diverged in balloon boy's way and sorry, he could take each path.
One involved homework, lunch and play.
The other a deadly balloon crash up in the air where the airplanes go dancing on rainbows,
chasing birds, riding on spaceships, tasting snow in an aircraft invented by amateurs or
going home to cheap cartoons, bullying brothers, household chores, and both that morning equally
lay the options of adventure or endless bores.
The drudgery of the day.
The sky is begging aolos calls.
He doubted if he should ever come back.
Imagine the sites he sees as he falls somewhere miles and miles.
Hence the earth racing up to him fast as light.
Thanks for not watching me, mom and dad.
That has made all the difference.
In the land.
Here's the last part here.


Last poem.
This one's, again, by Reverend Tater Gumfries.
Le dernier poème.
This one's fairly short.
Shall I compare thee to some flattened clay?
This is about the balloon boy after he fell, in theory.
That was it?
No.
Shall I compare thee to some flattened clay?
Thou art more bloody and more grievously bent.
Rough winds did shake that damned balloon today.
And parents' good advice to infrequent lent.
Sometime too hot desires of youth do shine.
And often are their aspirations dimmed.
When from bright skies their silver orb declines.
By chance or nature's changing downward wind.
But thy eternal memory shall not fade.
Not once state's child services are called.
Nor shall your death be deemed sufficient pay.
When fame is gained by nailing daddy to the wall.
So long as Fox and CNN can make sufficient hay.
So long will your poor family be screwed another day.
Ain't that sweet?
Balloon boy.
Balloon boy.
It is balloon!
Balloon boy.
I think it'd be a great idea for manga.
Remember golfer boy?
No.
You remember like that early manga golfer boy?
And he would like tee up and...
The humongous golfer boy?
Golfer Soros?
There was a manga golfer boy.
I can't remember the actual Japanese name.
But he would tee up and he would hit the golf ball into the bad guy's head.
Or body part.
Whatever.
He would chase bad guys around with a golf club.
And a ball.
Them folks was having a ball.
Yes.
They was having a ball.
So I was thinking if balloon boy could go around apprehending criminals.
And same martial arts.
Sadus or shimpus.
Sekupus.
Who are gone astray and so forth.
If he could jump on them and stuff with his baroon.
And you know.
And stuff like that.
Yeah.
He'd have like a whole lot of different armaments.
You know.
Have like a ball.
A whole ray of knives across his breast.
And around his hips.
He would have like perhaps 12 shotguns and stuff like that.
And he'd have like a paralyzing nuclear ray.
That would come like.
It would appear to come out of his forehead.
But would really be a secret helmet.
What the hell are you going on about?
Who?
Who are you talking to?
Dave.
As you heard by the climacting music there.
That which.
That was witch disco at Starwood.
I'm sorry Dave.
Oh well.
Was it really really wonderful?
Yeah.
Well it was in the background.
But it was witch disco at Starwood.
And in fact all the background music was noise from Starwood.
Here's some crazy Starwood noise.
Yeah we're all puppets.
Yeah we're like puppets.
Yeah we're like puppets.
Oh yeah.
We're all puppets.
Yeah we're all puppets.
Yeah we're like puppets.
Yep.

Yep.
Yeah we're like puppets.
Oh yeah.
And so Dave we must actually end this show.
Because it's like four or five minutes till.
I can hear the mandrills barking.
And I must till for the tier men.
And make room for synesthesia if they ever get here.
Don't we need to know if Dave has any parting words of gems to drop?
Did you just part?
No I was just thinking of a model of the universe that was like a sphincter or a big piece of gems.
I was just thinking of a small skeleton that had different marshmallows in it and each one is positively and negatively charged.
And then at the same time simultaneously although they're like photons could be in the same place.
They were arguing with each other.
They were like real fierce and so forth like that.
And then this thing was kind of like Planck's constant or something like that.
Only it was it was Heen's balloon.
It's like a whole theory and stuff.
And it was like a media theory.
And the idea was break the story before it exists and then make up for it afterwards.
Because publicity is more important than anything.
As J.R. Bob Dobbs said there's no such thing as no PR.
And friends you have been listening to the hour of slack number 1228 with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
What's me jelly bush?
Princess we are dope.
Oh yeah.
And yours truly Reverend Ivan Stang.
You can learn if you want more about the Church of the Subgenius by simply going...
to subgenius.com.
Or if you're in a car instead of a computer you can go to P.O. Box 141...
What is it?
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And now I'm going to play to get us out a little song by Little Theodore.
Actually it's a big song by Little Theodore from his new album Peace is Boring.
This particular album is called...
I mean the song is The Natural Progression of Life.
And we'll hear it 13 seconds after this Norrell Preff cut.
Praise Bob.
Good night.
Hello I'm Tony Perkins on a diet.
Looking in the mirror.
It doesn't mount to a hill of beans.
In other words Tony Perkins cuts.
An average family gets serious about coffee.
Soon we're the one fuck bush buck no.
But it's nothing. Cup of O.R.G.
You won't hear the ringing in your ear.
You won't feel the pain in your knee.
You won't care who's done you wrong.
You won't worry that you've wasted your time.
You won't feel that you've wasted all your time.
It's the natural progression of life.
It's the way it ends up.
For I thought.
You won't know what shows get cancelled.
You won't know who wins the big game.
You won't know who wins the next election.
You won't know who starts the next war.
It's the natural progression of life.
It's one thing we all have in common.
You won't know what they say about you.
You won't know what they say about us.
You won't know who was right, who was wrong.
You won't know who's dancing on your grave.
It's the natural progression of life.
It's just the way it has got to be.
It's the natural progression of life.
It's the natural progression of life.
It's the natural progression of life.
Nothing will ever matter to you again.
The natural progression of life.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Hmmmmmmm.
Thank you.
Hmmmmmmm.
And you.

