Your nightmares come alive.
Now prepare yourselves for a terrifying hour that won't be easy for you to forget.
You will now hear all of the positive messages contained in the subliminal portion of this tape.
These messages have been carefully designed to help you achieve the success you desire and deserve.
I use rest stops regularly.
You choose to be in control of your life.
You choose to be happy.
You choose to be happy.
You are a happy person.
You are a winner.
I got a 32.

I got a 220 built on a graveyard frame.
Shoots tombstone bullets, balls and chains.
Said I'm tough as cowhide, swift as lead.
I was born in the jungle where they never go to bed.
Wild throw a brick through midnight and break broad daylight.
Cause my eyes is made of bulletproof glass.
I like being in control of my life.
I know I can be who I want to be.
I can be who I want to be.
I can be who I want to be.
I can get out of this night's heck.
If you need thanks, damn bad,
walk out the door, I'll see how deep you немногоing yourborg.
These messages will now become subliminal.
But once you have acquired them, they can now be heard.


but your subconscious mind will be hearing and accepting all of the positive messages.
Listen to the tapes as often as you can.
The more you listen, the sooner success will come.
That's enough. Cut off the telecommand.
Are you crazy? Cut off the telecommand, I say.
We must maneuver freely. That would be an act of insubordination.
And if they say anything against God or Elvis Presley,
they get thrown out on the rest again.
He said, you're insane. He said, you need to be put away.
He said, you're a sick woman.
And I said, if this is sick, I never want to get better.
I want to stay in critical condition for the rest of my life.
And he filed for divorce on grounds of extreme cruelty,
and Elvis was item number two, excessive devotion to Elvis Presley.
And I said, I love it.
Hit one of them bombs. Not with the rays. Run into him.
This program has been banned from the air, and you know that, too.
I know, but it's too vital to the radio.
Not only was the ban on the program overruled,
now I don't understand anything.
This almost seems like a joke, but...
I made the judge understand the importance of this program to the radio.
Can't say it's a blamer.
The show can cause tropical fish to pop,
when waved over the tank.
The show sterilizes dogs and house cats within a three-block radius.
The show removes rust, earwax, and questionable stains of passion.
And now...
The Sub-Zine News.

What?
What?
What are we doing? What are we doing with the money?
Well, honestly, we're spending.
That's the thing.
We're spending an huge box of money.
She says, look, Bob, it was so good to look at that.
With your dear, dear host and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Presented to you by the Church of the Sub-Zine.
Sub-Zine.
Genius in the name of J.R. Bob.
Dose.
But all I can say is I get lots of recurrences when I do this.
And I get a few leaks.
So my own tendency is if the rectum seems normal,
perhaps with a bit of anal disease,
not to do an immediate collectomy and early rectal,
but to do a sub-ingenious...
...

...
...
...
...
...
...



...
...
...

...





...
...

...
...

...

...


...
...




...



MAN
Man!
Man!
Put the adaptive nerve inside the body!
Mind it!
No we're not men!
We are the subgenius!
Aaaaaah!
In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti. Amen.
Men's, no sense of humour.
And of course a lot of them have a normal rectum, so it's very attractive.
Keep the rectus subingenious and then after a year or so consider joining the patient up.
What if you punch two up?
You know what I mean? That's what I think.
Well stop thinking and get on down to Studio X Atomic Disco Lounge.
We think it's time we stop thinking.
Here we go!
The acceleration of pressure is tremendous.
It's a lot of pressure.
The velocity is a lot.
68 seconds, 69 seconds, 70 seconds, 71 seconds.
We better check everything.
We've got 48 hours to save a lot of money.
What a swell is the time!
We've got 48 hours to save a lot of time.
What a swell is the time!
No!
Yes?
You can assure your family's safe, secure comfort.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry!
But hurry.





The biblical servant will be at the judgment.
That man, that woman who claims to be a Christian
and fails to support the kingdom of God in this life
will have no part in the kingdom of God.
The Bible said no covetous person shall inherit the kingdom of God.
A man cannot buy his way into the fold or into heaven.
The price was paid at Calvary by the blood of Jesus Christ.
But we're told plainly in the Bible,
that we're to give our tithe and our offering.
Or else...
Or else...
Or else what?
Well, you probably don't even care.
But at the same time,
our nobler aspirations are stirred
onward and upward
by the sweep in the emotions
lifted by the waving flag
and the...
...fields of fraud.
If you act like a dumb, stupid fool,
they'll treat you as an equal,
Bob said.
And I would say to you and your classmates,
uh, that as you go on into this abattoir,
this slaughterhouse,
this, uh, brothel and butcher shop that we call life,
just remember that...
...the fighting Jesus,
the fighting Jesus,
never fell back on jingoistic slogans
about family values for Nazis.
No! No, sir!
The fighting Jesus!
The praised Bob with a sword and a gun.
With a bullet in his gun.
And with a great big electric...
...marital aid.
With batteries!
...with batteries!

And his mind vibrated.
Strapped on, yes,
with big patriotic RED STRAPS!
And with his boxing gloves on, yes,
he would wade forward into the fray,
his machine gun blazing,
his Bible strapped across his chest
like a bulletproof vest,
and his Bob tattoo there on his forehead
protecting his brain.
And we've got a great local response here, Mr. Ornette.

from enemy missiles.
Ah, yes.
Oh, but after hearing my president
and his friends speak, I was moved.
Watching the Republican convention,
it reminded me what America is all about.
And I'm moved to announce that,
we were just kidding with all this subgenius stuff.
Oh, and by the way, we're not Jewish or gay.
And in fact, we all became Christians again.
Yeah.
And I'm a white male Christian of Anglo descent
with a family, with a family.
That's the most important part.
And I want Oliver North and Phil Graham
to be president in 1996.
But now I have this great big flag.
See, see me, see me?
I'm normal.
I'm normal.
I'm normal.
Everything's okay.
It is okay.
They're not gonna do anything to me yet, are they?
Probably not until after the election.
I'm sure they wouldn't do anything like that.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
When we accept this nomination,
you know, you're gonna be a great president.

Yes, dear friends.
Well, I was kind of surprised watching the Republicans
because they were acting like socialists.
Can you believe it?
Republicans acting like socialists?
Of course, they were acting more like national socialists.
If you look in your history books
and see what else the national socialists like to be called,
you get big picture, kids.
All I can say is, I'm a Republican.
I'm a Democrat.




I mean, I hate to be so partisan.
You know, on the Subgenius show,
it's not that I like the other ones at all,
it's that you know, if this current bunch stays in there,
you better be white and straight and a fundamentalist
and a virgin.
That's gonna be the hard part for a lot of you.
But most of all, you better have money, plenty of money,
because that's what America is all about.

is all about. Anything to the left of fascism, such as what used to be called the middle of the road,
that you people are all un-American communists. And not only that, but Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone.
And read in the newspaper, why just the other day, that in Oregon, they're planning to
try to force a referendum on the strongest anti-gay measure ever considered by a state.
It could only be enforced by a vast bureaucracy of investigators to find and root out people,
not only who are gay, but who speak favorably of gays in state and local governments.
They wouldn't allow things in the library that referred to homosexuality in anything but a very
negative way. So what you would have would be thought police and peeping toms crawling all over
Oregon looking for gay people.
They claim that the intent of the measure was not to have a witch hunt,
but rather to simply state that it is the government's position that homosexuality is
abnormal and wrong. Well, I'm glad the government's going to get involved in family rights like that.
I'm sure the conservatives would love it. The measure would discriminate against gays.
They acknowledge the backers of it and would give landlords the right to
evict gay tenants or employers the right to dismiss gays.
And of course, they'd go into your bookstore and take out any books that happened to be written
by anybody who was gay. Well, you know, that's how you change history.
But on the other hand, look at those darn Democrats. I mean, Clinton, he's a draft dodger,
not like Dan Quayle or, you know, I mean, because po'buckers like Clinton are supposed to be.
Do the fighting in wars. Rich families like the Quayles, they're needed at home to support the wars.
And, uh, why, George Bush was a war hero, just like Adolf Hitler and Saddam Hussein. But then,
you know, on the other hand, World War II was worth fighting. Back then, back then,
Bush was shooting at the Nazis. In some ways, you know, he lost because afterwards, the OSS, he hired
Clinton, and then he was their boss in the CIA.
But, uh, he says he will lower taxes.
Now read my lips, listener.
But, uh, Clinton, Clinton, on the other hand, as they pointed out, will raise your taxes if you're
rich. Uh, Clinton,
Clinton admits, he just came out, well, almost admits that he smoked pot.
Now, see, whereas Dan Quayle's ex-dealer is in solitary confinement forever,
so you don't have to worry about that with those guys.
But then the liberals control the media, don't they?
You know, liberals like G.E. and Westinghouse and Exxon, those kind of liberals.
But all that aside, it's true that Clinton and all those Democrats want to kill babies with abortion
rather than keep them around so that there'll be 50 million poverty-stricken teenagers to kill later in future oil wars.
Well, where are all our little colored soldiers going to come from when we decide to retake Vietnam?
Uh, it's family values, dear friends. God and country.
And it's that simple. That's all there is to it.
I mean, family values.
Although, one has to wonder, just exactly what is family values supposed to mean?
It's funny, I've got a family, a real tight family, real healthy, smart, able kind of family, big family,
with aunts, uncles, nieces, cousins, tons of babies.
And yet...
You know, I think we may value different things from the Bush family and the Quayle family
and some of those other piggish, lying families.
We value a lot more things and kinds of people than they do, apparently.
We don't call people un-American if they aren't like us.
And if we have enemies, we've found that it works better to tell the truth about ourselves
than lying about them.
Or their wives and girlfriends or whatever.
And, uh...
But it's true, they do want freedom of school choice.
Choice to segregate.
But no, no, I shouldn't say that.
The conservatives aren't racist anymore.
They never say the word nigger in public anymore.
You never hear them say that.
They can't be racist.
How could that...
And so...
And another thing about our values...
We actually...
And maybe this is bad, but we value questioning authority in a big way.
Because, by definition, authority is just what most must be questioned.
Authority has a lot more power to send my kid to war, to oil war, or to warp his mind,
or to throw him in jail, than any bunch of little minorities all put together.
But, on the other hand, it's not within family values to question any authority.
It's an authority that has the words, quote, family values, unquote, printed biggest across its, uh, swastikas.
Now, we'd like to have a choice over which drugs were being advertised to our children and sold cheap on the street corners.
And I don't mean crack.
I mean Miller Lite and those other liquid narcotics and the kind of smokes that cause cancer.
But, see, those aren't sold by hippies.
They're sold by cornerstones.
They're sold by corporations that own the whole states and senators.
Family values.
Family values, dear friends.
You know why Hillary Clinton is evil?
Do you know what makes her evil?
It's not just because she wrote that stupid thing on children's rights 18 years ago,
but because she wrote anything at all.
Because she had a job.
In fact, she makes more than her husband does some years.
But, oh, no, she ought to be home supporting her family.
God said so in this 2,000-year-old fairy tale we got here.
You know?
And school prayer.
We need to have school prayer back.
Why can't Christians have the right again to push around Jews and atheists and Buddhists and Muslims?
Because family values only includes that one God, you know, the nice one in the business suit,
with the wife that keeps her mouth shut.
And the daughter whose abortion is, well, it's a dirty secret we keep in the closet with several other things.
But you just, we should, with family values, a man doesn't cheat on his wife like that dirty dog Clinton and Jennifer, what's his name?
Now, of course, Bush had a secret girlfriend named Jennifer also.
And, in fact, I know a reporter who asked Bush about that a couple of years ago.
But the Secret Service made him leave.
And when he got home...
Well, when he got to work, he found out he was fired with no reason given.
And when he got home, there was a note on his door that basically said,
Ha ha.
Liberal controlled media, were you saying?
But at least they have family values about those, those, those gays.
And see, by their values, if their son is gay,
and, of course, you know, they haven't been able to cure,
that disease yet,
well then, then that son damn well better hate himself sufficiently for it.
Keep it in the closet.
Now, by my family values, if my son turned out gay,
and he still could,
my values would say to pat him on the back and say,
Well, go to it, son.
Don't let them ignorant witch-hunting scaredy-cats push you around.
And watch out, because there's a disease that's especially designed to kill,
you unmarried and poor folks.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, by the way, speaking of which, just recently,
some radical or reactionary or Christian or somebody who hates us
had a porno catalog sent to my 11-year-old daughter.
But the joke's on them, because in our family values,
I mean, it just wasn't that terrible of a shock to her.
It was kind of a shock.

It was kind of funny.
Because we explain to our kids what real sex is about a long time before they've had a chance
to get some weird immersion on the playground or from pornography.
They've had the ins and outs.
Well, I mean, explained to them.
And even the variations thereof, carefully and sensibly explained to them.
Not demonstrated.
But, uh, I know a lot of families with more traditional family values.
You know, most of their kids have the dirtiest, most coprophilic mouths I ever heard.
Their parents don't ever hear it, though, because, um,
those conservative kids learn very early in life that there are a lot of things that you don't tell your parents.
Uh, friends, honestly, you know, listening to those speeches,
especially Phil Graham,
the anti-Christ, I call him,
and seeing Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson and those religious nuts,
you had to wonder,
well, how'd they keep David Duke out?
Oh, that's right, that's right, he might say the N-word and blow their cover.
And, uh, seeing all those Nordic, clean-cut, healthy, thug-like young Republicans chanting their little brains out,
I had to wonder, where's their brown shirt?
You know, where's those uniforms?
But the ones I really felt sorry for is the loyal Republican women continuing to keep their mouths shut
only because they hate liberals so much.
And I can't blame them.
But then look at how the media, including NPR and PBS, have defined liberal.
It's a cuss word now.
There's no middle of the road, according to Republicans.
No center is possible.
You're either a white-bred gay person,
bashing Ali North, revering money, making church going normal,
or you're a commie, a pervert, and a fool,
and all who do not support King Bush,
or baby-killing, anti-God, AIDS-spreading,
give-all-the-money-to-the-lazy-and-homeless,
big-word-using, Marxist,
simpering, lip-wristed, hand-wringing sissy, Sig Heil.
And not only that, but they are collaborators in the international arena.
And I'm not saying that because I'm a big fan of the Jewish conspiracy.
I'll tell you, I'll tell you, Mr. Conspiracy,
you keep talking that way, and come 1998,
you're going to have to deal with an interplanetary subgenius conspiracy.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, Bob will save us.
Unfortunately, in the meantime, we're going to have to save ourselves.
And that means, distasteful as it may be,
that we minorities are going to have to stick together,
because the majority, which seems to be easily taught in simple slogans,
has been taught to hate us.
And me, a minority?
Hey, I'm a straight Anglo male from a good Christian family.
But I must be in a minority,
because I sure don't have anything else in common with that majority.
So I don't know.
I mean, I hate, like I say,
I really don't mean to get partisan,
because I'm a satan, patriotic, psychotic, anarcho-materialist.
I think they're all fools.
And some of the people I love best are Republicans,
but they're not that kind.
And I wonder how much longer they can hate the liberals more.
Anyone can be a preacher.
You don't need a philosophy degree or a doctorate in anything.
Just have Jesus Christ enter the spirit of your body,
and you can spread the word of the Lord.
It says in the Bible,
go out and spread the word of Jesus.
And now you can do it, and make money too.
And don't worry about it.
Don't worry if you haven't been saved yet.
Father Grace and myself will take care of that.
We'll see you next time.

What a sweet, what a sweet.
Remember, nothing happens until someone buys something.
Oh, it would be wonderful, George.
We'd feel like Columbus when we discovered America.
Have you lost your mind, Jane?
It's dangerous, and it's ridiculous.
I'll call the government up and explain it's all a horrible mistake.
Can you find a solution?
How do we make America a practice of the world?
The fact is,

Oh, my God.
Sir,
Mr. S serious?
Excuse me?
but the record reveals that you have been unprofitable and the word decrees
that the unprofitable servant must be cast into outer darkness but when have
I been unprofitable you have rebelled against my word and you have stolen your
Lord's money why you lived upon the earth I permitted you to earn a good
living as my servant I gave you power and health to earn money and in return
for this I decree to my word that a tenth part of those earnings were mine I
left that 10% in your care charging you to invest it for me into my church that
the gospel might be preached but you Scott have rebelled against my word you
have not only taken 90% which I freely gave you but you have been so covetous
as to take the 10% also
did you know that rebellion is a sin of witchcraft and that no covetous person
shall enter the kingdom of God oh sir I tell you I didn't realize it was so
serious you made that choice when you were only 18 look at your record July
15 1953 well a man robbed God yeah you have robbed me but you say when have we robbed thee?
you say when have we robbed thee?
in tithes and offerings you're cursed with a curse for you have robbed me even this whole nation
God wouldn't do that he's a loving God besides there's plenty of people that have more money than I do I need mine
Scott you made your choice when you rejected my word you rejected me and to your eternal sorrow
you have found that I only could you afford
to give to God that which was his but you could not afford to do otherwise the
Senate still stand cast the unprofitable servant into outer darkness where there
is wailing and gnashing of teeth please give me just one more chance sir I don't
want to go to Hell, no no, let go, I don't want to go to Hell, no!
The ancient tradition that the world will be consumed in fire at the end of six thousand
years is true as I have heard from subgenius Hel.
For the Kerug with his flaming sword is thereby commanded to leave his guard at the Tree of
Life and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed and appear infinite and holy,
whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.
This will come to pass by an improvement of sensual enjoyment.
But first to the notion that man or woman has a body distinct from his or her soul is
to be expunged.
This I shall do by printing in the infernal method by corrosives which in subgenius Hel
are salutary and medicinal, melting apparent surfaces away and displaying the infinite
which was hid.
If the doors of perception are closed, then I shall not be able to see, nor can I see

the light of the world.
If the world were cleansed, everything would appear to us as it is, infinite.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom, folks.
An excess of sorrow laps, an excess of joy weeps.
The cistern contains.
The fountain overflows.
The world is in its own right.

The world is in its own right.
One thought fills immensity.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
The soul of sweet delight can never be defiled.
Sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires.
Exuberance is beauty.
If the lion was advised by the fox, he would be cunning.
The lion is the lion.
The lion is the lion.
The lion is the lion.
The lion is the lion.


The lion is the lion.

You never know what is enough unless you know what is enough.
One thought fills the palace of wisdom, and the entire universe is in its own right.



The world is full of bliss.






Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained, and
the restrainer, or reason, usurps its place and governs the unwilling.
willing.
All Bibles or sacred codes have been the causes of the following errors.
That we have two real existing principles, that is, a body and a soul.
That energy called evil is alone from the body and that reason called good is alone
from the soul.
And that God will torment us in eternity for following our energies.
But the following contraries to these are true.
We have no body distinct from our soul, for that called body is a portion of soul discerned
by the five senses, the chief inlets of soul in this age.
Energy is the only life.
And is from the body.
And reason is the bound or outward circumference of energy.
Energy is eternal, the alive.
Place the right thumb over the right nostril.
And the left thumbあります the attribute which nicknames the soul.
So, I know that you have the wish for the solution.

I but would you have realized that as a persons not the violent channels that have been being
put in like malevolent or ideologous.
I?

Oh, husk.
Oh, husk.

My dear.
Look, there is immtrlточ.
F 만�ον 식ər다.



Endless hole towards a destructing system.
The third second beginning smells of ever устройment and complete denial of nature and

Re Competition.
End this on the orbit!


Landing on the moon is just an old Boeing does.
So without further delay, let's rock away to the final 15 minutes of the show.
Here's your first officer of the day, Presley Gevidence.
He's spinning some platters now.
We're going to have a great show, guys.
And here we go.
Now, here's an interesting news item.
Yes, a wealthy American tourist visiting Budapest, Hungary,
suffered a violent and bloody death after her expensive mink coat sprang to life
and clawed the woman to pieces.
She was covered from head to toe with terrible bite marks on her...
reported police inspector, Janer...
Janer?
What the...
Janer Troutman, who investigated the death of 47-year-old
California Harris...
Marilee Fitzgerald.
Tests show that the wounds were caused by claws and teeth of person or persons unknown.
They don't know who the mink was?
Mink the bill.
I thought it was her mink.
Never stuff a lobster down your underpants.
A simple maxim, you may think, but one that was overlooked by Boston shoplifter Winston Treadway
with unfortunate results.
Treadway had already amassed a quantity of stolen food in a trawl around an out-of-the-way supermarket,
when he spotted a tank full of live seafood.
Plucking two claw-clickin' lobsters from the water, he stashed them in his undies and sprinted for the exit,
only to pull up short in the nearby alley as the enraged crustacea clamped their claws around his...
Boop!
When we saw him, he was trying to prize...
To prize? They must mean to pry.
To prize the claws off.
He was purple as an eggplant.
When we...
When we got to him, said police, having accosting the thief...
Where was this printed, in Hong Kong?
Having accosting the thief, the cops had to call for pliers to remove the lobsters,
and doctors who confirmed that Treadway had inadvertently performed a DIY vasectomy
later told him he might never father children, but only give birth to a large, creepy lobster.
Mwahahahaha!
I'm sorry, I thought I'd come in.
Yeah, you did. You gave it away.
I'm sorry.
Spoiled the puns.
Where's Aunt Goita?
Well, you know, I feel so passive here, buried down in the sound well, surrounded by mazes of sound effects.
Now, you might be telling yourself, the project sounds great.
What can I say? It's just beautiful!
The project in its package form is available for your use immediately, with your own chosen title for the album,
as well as the entire inside cover surface, and the full cover of the album.


For your use.
Take two high-quality stereo LPs, put them in a full-color jacket, add a beautiful sexy gal on front,
and candid photos of the KQ jocks inside, and you've got a bombshell.
In the retail stores, the album was sold for $4.80.






And you will receive an additional 25 cents per album above the royalty rate set for mail order.
Black is black.
White is white.
Day is day.
Night is night.
Nature is what it is.
Regardless of what you would like.
Man up, stick to your nonsense.
Go take a hike.
Honey noise.
zers of WEB tennis rules.





And now, questions of body number, weight, éico,ижу, weight,
physiology, dressing room.
Meant to say, some.
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
and if you're not with us you're against those things you're un-American and the president then
touted his call for unspecified tax cuts
well let's see what our old friends uh the out of band experience obe is up to oh yes praise god
i think you got another smash
warning danger
insert the short handle
a victim of a delusion
the most passionate love story ever told
and here's the transition to chaos
the art of it all is how he brings together the noise and the music
there's no nutty or mine man
oh
wacko wanko
wacko wanko
oh
oh
oh
oh












oh
all right we're being replenished
oh that's awful
is there nothing i can do to please you people
no i'm sorry
too bad
the love of your life is so strong that it's hard to understand
the love of your life is so strong that it's hard to understand
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness, but is long suffering to usward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Yes, Doctor, here's that repentance now.
Now, wasn't that easy and wasn't that fun?
I'm going to kill you.
That's not English.
I never said he was.
Is that New York?
He's the garotter, the thuggy strangler of Wedley Marsh.
I'm going to kill you?
Is that like for a book or something?
Once he catches you by the coattails, he submerges you in the stinking marsh until you're devoured by the lamprey of Lampwick.
Wow.
Okay, well, I'll just get this tape here and a coke and sit back and watch the lamprey of Lampwick do his stuff.
Something like a missile.
When you forgot to worship Jesus, your lives turned into a little prayer.
I'm sorry, Aunt Bertha.
What can I do to make it all up to you?
Should I shoot Jesus?
You should write to me at...
At Box One Grand Rapids.
...Story, Box One Grand Rapids.
What about Uncle Charlie?
Are you and him still getting it on?
This is it.
Timmy and Bobby were at a radio station.
Come on.
Nobody's meeting.
Pay attention.
Let's go in and talk on the microphones.
We could have a show of our own.
But I don't think...
So they do.
Jesus Radio Station.
They sneak around the back of the cruise ship.
Aunt Bertha swelled up and...
Aunt Bertha?
...became larger and...
Aunt Bertha?
Who are you?
What the hell is Aunt Bertha?
Boys and girls.
Oh, no.
He cussed and said Aunt Bertha in the same sentence.
We'll all die now.
Shoot that man, Timmy.
He blasphemes against Aunt Bertha.
Aunt Bertha's dead.
I hope you like this story, boys and girls.
Dead.
If you would like a free picture of me, as well as a free game...
And I killed her.
I'm ripping her apart.
Aunt Bertha.
I'm a story.
Box 77.
Massachusetts.
Grand Rapids.
Massachusetts.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Billy and Timmy.
We brought the lady in.
She appears to be ripped apart.
Name's Bertha.
It was Billy and Timmy, officer.
They ripped my body.
I'm not sure what we'll do with her.
We could sew her back together.
Oh, I'll get it.
Visitors to the Aunt Bertha show are put up at the posh Roach Motel.
On the kitchen floor with the little toy cars in front of it.
And guests.
And the
Aunt Bertha Show.
We'll have to start that one over again.
Gosh, Timmy.
It sure is neat to drive this midget submarine.
Yeah, they'll never know we're not really in church the way we're supposed to, like Andy
B says.
Oh, forget about that old baby.
This is God.
I see them.
Oh, no, look.
Somebody.
It's God.
And he sees us.
He's got all of our hair.
Let's see how long you've got in this submarine.
You've never come out.
Oh, no.
We can't get out even with a ladder.
Oh.
I wish I'd thought to take Jesus into my heart.
But it has to rhyme.
Now it's too late.
It has to rhyme.
But it's never too late, Billy.
I won't cut off your air hose.
It won't be clean.
You'll just take Jesus into your heart.
I'm sorry, those children.
The submarine exploded in a quiet moment.













It was a child's arm turning over and over, ascended at the top of the explosive column.
I hope you like this story, boys and girls.
If you would like a free gift and a nude picture of me, write to Aunt Bertha.
Dial Astori.
The subgenius show.
I get excited every time I see that.
That must be a drug addict, Kimmy.
Run.
He's got a gun.




He's got big, loaded eyes.
Okay, we're loading up the eyes of the big, Timmy monster now.
Okay, Kimmy, eyes loaded.
Kimmy, come over here before I smack you silly.
Now, you notice that Kimmy is swelling to 160 feet tall.
Now, when your Aunt Bertha tells you to do something, by heaven, you ought to do it.
I don't even believe you are my aunt.
The giant Kimmy is armed and loaded.
Ever since you kidnapped me and told me that my daddy was my daddy, my mommy was my mommy,
my aunt was my aunt.
Now, the giant Kimmy begins to...
Now, you're going to kill me.
...stride across the city with arms akimbo.
Oh, baby, I'm sorry.
You godless little creep.
I'm going to give you the back of my hand.
You're never going to give me the back of your nothing because I'm running away.
I'm getting to the place.
And now, the little Kimmy has stripped the skin from his mother.
I'm going to get to the place in just a couple of minutes because I know he's Oakland
police officer.
Kimmy, put those pants on right now.
No.
When do your father get home?
I'm sick of the impressive chance to die.
The 160-foot Kimmy is embarrassing the entire city.
I'm afraid to be me.
I'm proud of my person.
And now, Kimmy strives with more arms akimbo than even before.
We have the situation under control.
General, I'm...
...I'm in a situation where I'm in a plane with a plane in my mouth.
...in a plane with a plane in my mouth.
Repeat.
Kimmy is absolutely harmless.
There is no cause to panic.
The government is lying to the people now as the giant Kimmy steps on all the breweries
and schools in the area.
...trying to stop me.
There's a real and personal psychological proportion.
Kimmy will not harm you if you are still.
But I'm at 20 feet tall now.
The giant Kimmy is advancing towards the state capital now.
Attention.
Group military units, regiments, 12 and regiments are taking into position.
I need a little weak test.
I need a little weak test.



The
giant Kimmy is approaching the capitol building.
Nothing can stop me.
The heroes may be ultra strong.
I'm now the size of a city clock.
I must be over 100 feet tall.
Even the sea missiles won't be able to stop me.
The giant Kimmy threatens Washington, D.C.
Sergeant.
Sergeant.
We've got an old lady here who says she knows this Kimmy and can control it.
Put her on the megaphone.
Kimmy, I know you can hear me.
This is Aunt Bertha and this is...
I'm sick of hearing what you're telling me what to do, especially...
Where is Aunt Bertha's voice coming from?
I'm going to step on her.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, look.
I'm right down here by your foot, Kimmy.
Now remember, Jesus loves you.
His giant power eyes are looking into the Aunt Bertha.
I'll tell you who loves me.
If Jesus loves me, you can spoil me, don't you?
That ought to show her a thing or two.
Oh, no.
He blew up the Aunt Bertha doll.
This is a tragic moment in our history.


A cloud of poisonous gas just drifted over the city.
Oh, excuse me.
They thought they were free to live their lives in sin.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, that hurts my ears so good.
And, friends, what we have been hearing there was Aunt Bertha's voice.





Oh, yes, yes, yes.
I was so scared.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
The place where this commeschoolonne comes to où which is a great pool should be
dried is in the heart of a dream where I should turn to the bulwark mountain before
the sun goes down into days workshops.
Is it going to rain tomorrow?
Yes, it did.
There we go.
and listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And I know you'd like to know more about the Church of the Subgenius,
which, why, it would explain exactly what this is all about.
You can write for free information, find out more about our books, tapes,
and you name it.
They sell it, we sell it too.
Just write, send that postcard or self-addressed stamped envelope to Bob at,
you got that pencil ready?
I knew you would.
Oh, getting excited, aren't you?
Yes, baby.
That's Bob at Post Office Box 140306 in lovely Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Awesome.
Ah, yes.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And stay tuned for the Swingin' Love Corps.
We'll see you then.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.







guitar solo
In the name of love and understanding
Say it all away
And the baby's singing
And all the animals
Oh, can you feel the section
Oh, our animal brothers
Oh, our animal brothers
Oh, our animal brothers
That sacrifice their lives every day
In the name of
Medical fire
I fall for the brothers
They're giving their lives
Every day
They're cutting them open
Running in tubes
They're putting those doors on their sides
All kind of experiments
And they do it in the name of
Medical science
You fall for the brothers
I'm giving their lives
I'm giving their lives
I'm giving their lives
My body
Medical science
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh


If I could have my way
If I know it's not gonna be
We're good at much patient


Oh, oh, oh
My eyes will kick in
So remember
The very next time
There's a friendly four-footed furry animal that gave his life to find out whether or not you die when you ate that stuff, or drank that stuff, or smoked that stuff, or whatever else you had to do.
Your four-footed brothers are laying down their lives for you every day, for you every day, for you every day.
Some tick to fill the section.
Some tick to fill the section.
Some tick to fill the section.
Some tick to fill the section.
Some tick to fill the section.
Our four-footed brothers are subject to vivisection.
In the name of medical science, for you, my friend, for your life, for the lives of your fellow man.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah, ah.
Your four-footed brothers are laying down their lives.
Ah, ah.
Little doors on the side.
Tooth.
Running out of that little duster.
Ah, ah.
Tooth to tooth.
To the dip.
To the dip.
To the grip.
To the grip.
Point it.
To the elbow.
Tothe little dick.
To the lip.
To the butt.
To the tooth.
To the face.





guy again.
Let un Bub.
Hey.
Abigail, it's a penny-a-igten.





And...
This is a test of the emergency bra-
Sipana.
Merge your Lincoln into the rudder of the broad-
cowing pre-recorded announcement.
I hope you get him, pal.
Oh, it would be wonderful, George!
We feel like Columbus when we discover the moon!
