Saludos Amigos
And now the subgenius
Girls in bikinis, girls without bikinis, with e-remarks
Blow it out, Joe
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to
Is specially designed only to be played on radio station
KNON 89.3
And only in the city of
Dallas, Texas
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show
The listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
In the event of any of these events
Any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast
Small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
Constantly scanned throughout our program
Should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you
That it's often a photon that light releases
But truth is, not everyone gets the picture
Hoping your time is all time
And all your unpermissible truths are happy truths
Here is your host
The Will of Dobbs
Yep, it's me again
I was here just last week and I'm back already
Ladies and gentlemen, tonight after last week's extremely live hour of slack
Tonight it's going to be sort of unlive
We're going to be tape heads tonight
Knob heads, tape heads, you name it
So sit back friends
And we hope you enjoy this one tonight
As the Church of the Subgenius presents another
33 minutes of condensed uraglic function
Yeah, that's right, that is off one of the Subgenius tapes that you've heard here before
But you know what, have you ever seen that movie Fahrenheit 451
By Francois Truffaut, the famous French film director
Remember how they burned all the books
And so all the old book lovers had to become those books
And they walk around in the snow just reciting books
Well friends, we know, we see the handwriting on the wall
We know it ain't going to be too long before they come after us
And when they do, friends, most of your favorite Subgenius doctors
Have actually become at least one Subgenius tape
And I'm a couple of doctors for Bob
I'm also the P-Dawg
We can't find anybody to be Neagie though
We're still looking though, we'll find somebody pretty soon
When somebody called a couple of weeks ago
And they...
And they...
They asked a fair question, you know
They said, well, you know, I don't understand
You guys talk about the, you know, the Subgenius-es
You know, the listeners and members and so forth
And it seems like we can't win, you know
It's like if we don't love Bob enough, we're pink
And if we love him too much, oh, we're damn Bobbies
And so what's the point?
Is it just the fact that we're not you?
Is that the problem?
Boy, I'm sorry
If we've given you that impression, we're sorry
We do not think that we're not you
We think your life is meaningless
Because, you know, thermodynamic miracles
Events with odds against...
So, astronomically they're effectively impossible
Like oxygen spontaneously becoming gold
But friends, in every human coupling
A thousand million sperm vie for a single egg
Multiply those odds by countless generations
Against the odds of your ancestors being alive, meeting
Siring this precise son, that exact daughter
And just think of that union of the thousand million children
Competing for fertilization
That it was you, listener, only you that emerged
To distill so specific a form from that chaos of improbability
Like turning air to gold
That is the crowning unlikelihood
The thermodynamic miracle
But the world is so full of people
So crowded with these miracles that they become commonplace
And we forget
We gaze continually at the world
And it grows dull in our perceptions
Yet seen from another's vantage point
As if new, it may still take the breath away
So come, dear listener, dry your eyes
For you are life
Rarer than a quark
And unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg
The clay in which the forces that shape all things
Leave their fingerprints most clearly
So dry your eyes
And let's begin tonight's subgenius hour of slack
The


The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The

The




The

Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Gentlemen, please remain in your seats.
I just had my consciousness raised.
I just had my consciousness raised.
Oh, my God.
Just a minute.
So, we are open for donations, of course.
Listen, I just have to ask you,
are there people out there who are involved and belong,
who are members who don't really understand what's going on?
Don't you think that's a real possibility?
Yes.
Well, we have done everything we can to...
We often have to deprogram our own members.
We don't want...
We do not want...
We don't want complete zombies.
This is...
We only take, as the tape said before,
we only take a portion of your mind,
and even that we give back to you when we're through with it,
as opposed to most any other mind-control cult.
When do you decide when you're through?
When is the end, and how do you know?
If somebody is...
If somebody is just mindlessly into Bob,
and all I can do is recite Bob's quotes and so forth,
and they've lost their own abnormality
and just sunk it into the overall...
It becomes a conformity of nonconformists,
and that's what we have to watch out for.
We call those people gimme-bobs or mal-aligned normals.
They're actually not subgeniuses,
but they think there's something cool about it
because there's a lot of celebrities attached to the church and so forth.
So they'll...
They'll wear the Bob t-shirts,
they'll spend money on the thing and so forth,
but they have no more of an idea of what slack really is.
So to handle these people,
we've had to go to drastic measures to...
As soon as they start to think they understand the church,
we'll pull the rug right out from under them.
...forged in.
...of a hundred million more hours.
...to be out.
We've done it, insane.
Jack Smith, some horas...
Dave Smith, some horas.
Anthony...
Smith, some horas.
Christopher Coleman, some horas...
You really showed us something.



and not just Congressional power works and not by the God of God وام

but by unethical deeds of Gates,
building blood for enjoyment...
if they plan on killing you 거기

How will yourasıína 싱



Oh, oh, oh.
It's gone.
It's gone.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.

Mutant.
No!
You say no?
You sniveling talker, you say no to Aldo?
Aldo, respect.
Respect me.
Oh.
Ape.
Shut up.
Kill.
Ape.
Too late.
You should have told me sooner.
Is that?
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
You look like her.
You look like her.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
Is your father there?
Pucker your lips and shake your shoulders
cause a man who might be hiding there.
Disco boy or the disco king of the disco thing?
You may just think someday that you just might go somewhere.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Disco girl, you're out of sight
You need a disco boy to treat you right
He'll do a dance, take you on a ride
Leave his hair alone, but you can kiss his phone
Disco boy
Run to the dwarf, comb your hair
They stole my portal mask!
Disco boy
Put your hands in the glint
So I stand in their hand
Listen!
Disco boy
Do the bump every night
Tell the disco girl who's really right
Run up all over your line
And feed you a box full of chicken delight
That's right
Then put your piece in so he has to eat it
Disco chit-chat, so it's in your
Pump that booty all across the floor
A disco dream, a disco wink
You never go doody, that's what you think
You never go doody, that's what you think
You never go doody, that's what you think
Doody
You never go doody
Doody
You never go doody
Disco Boys
One more chance to comb your hair again
Disco Boys
There's holes in the bar and she's leaving with your friends
That's right
Disco Boys
That's the way it goes
So wipe your nose and try it again
To get a little tomorrow
Disco Boys
No one understands
But thank the Lord that you still got hands
To help you think that you're gonna never find out your disco solo
Disco Boys
Oh, jerk it
Is disco love tonight?
Make sure you look alright
Is disco love tonight?
Make sure you look alright
You look alright, you really do
Yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah








I was driving along in my automobile
You've heard about these UFO contactee stories I know before but I know driving along in my automobile one day and out on some country road and was collecting shot crap.
forcibly wrenched from my car and manipulated by creatures from outer
space. Does that appeal to you? Pretty simple really. No, I don't believe it myself. Well what you can do, yeah I was gonna say, you probably wouldn't want to send us a dollar.
You know we don't insist that people believe us. We only insist that
they do what we ask them to. In fact we really we believe that the majority of
you out there won't believe us. Yeah, they're right here.
Hi I'm Rhodey. I wanna ask them two questions. The first question, they said they're into winning souls? Who are they winning souls for? Satan or Jesus?
Pals, Bob and Jesus are on the same side, they're just
not playing quite the same game. But there's only one game. That's right,
there's only one game, but they're in the same box. They're not silenced by their
game. That's all. We're not going to be able to tell you anything.
So play your game and keep on playing. Well, my second question
is, why are you deceiving everybody? We're not deceiving anyone.
We're not doing it for Jesus. It's going to be a lot easier to deceive
people once the government starts putting Valium in the water supply.
I probably won't even be here. That's probably right. Let me make
an important point here. A lot of the people that are born-again Christians now
are doing more to turn America against Jesus
than they are for Jesus. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, I hear you there. But what I'm saying is
why don't y'all try to turn people to Jesus?
We're just trying to take it from a slightly different direction.
Make people aware of the fact that they can make their own decisions.
We're going step-by-step.
Do you ever occur to you that you might be going in the wrong step?
We think about that all the time. Has it ever occurred to you?
No.
I think that says it all, friends. We wanted to play a tape we just got.
Hold on here. A local band.
Dallas, Texas. They're old friends of the Church of the Subgenius.
They're always kind enough to send their tour schedules and all the emotional stuff
whenever they come play. So we're going to play them now.
These are the Potatoes.
Potatoes.
Potatoes.

Potatoes.






Potatoes.
Potatoes.
Well, I'm Sinbad the Sailor, so hearty and hailed, I live on an island on the back of a whale.
It's a whale of an island. That's not a bad joke. It's Lord and its master is this handsome bloke.
Hello, the most remarkable, extraordinary fellow. You are Sinbad the Sailor.
I scare all creation on land or on sea, but talk about women, they are far from me.
I take my adventures wherever they're found. I go on the brag, folks, but I've been around.
Who's the most phenomenal, extra special kind of fellow? You are Sinbad the Sailor.
From the Valley of Serpents to the Sea of Stars, I'm Sinbad the Sailor.

I took six of these diamonds. I cleaned up those serpents with one dirty look.
Serpents.
Well, look at this monster, so strong, so huge.
He'd frighten King Kong, but he's only man.


my stooge. The capture of Mola for me was just fun. Who ever said two heads were better
than one?
Who is the most remarkable, extraordinary fellow?
Wait a second. Who are you?
Who am I?
Who am I?
Who am I?
Who is the most remarkable, extraordinary fellow?
I am Sinbad the Sailor, that's who. What do you think you are anyway?
Well, I'm afraid of nobody under the sun.
Hey!
All I say is, move and my enemies run.
Hey!
Who's the most remarkable, extraordinary?
Who is the most remarkable, extraordinary fellow?
You are! Sinbad the Sailor, that's who!
Ha ha, that's right!
Touch of the ship, but bring me the woman.
Ah, those are again the potatoes in a fabulous rendition of one of the all-time great cartoon
songs of all time, Sinbad the Sailor.
But! But what's next?
subscribes to Tron
hope instead of
subscribing watch the next video
faut
I really didn't realize this.
It's just that I don't feel really stick with the game at all, it's nothing really. I got back to it as quick as this to do something.
I'm going to sleep, Tommy.
Parker, any answer to the line?
You're in contact.
All passengers, please stand by.
Tommy!
The first thing that happens is that the bones splinter.
Tommy!
We're moving over the conker.
Yes?
Yes?
Yes?
Press the button.
The door opens to let you in.
Parker, any answer to the line?
You're in contact.
Many of you out there,
we're going, who is this man, Bob?
I've heard of Bob, Reverend Stang.
I've heard he was, I agree, Bob's a good man.
He may be a prophet,
but I can't believe that J.R. Bob Dobbs
is the son of Jehovah One,
alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy.
They can't believe that
because they can't believe in anything nowadays.
Most of these kids,
but friends, I'm afraid it's true.
Now, they may point out,
now, no one's ever seen Bob, Reverend,
Stang.
How come all I've ever seen
is that clip art picture of a man with a pipe
grinning, looks sort of like Mr. Appleton
or Mark Trail or something.
Hugh Beaumont.
Or Hugh Beaumont or Dick Van Dyke
fropped out of his mind.
Friends, that's Bob.
You've seen him here and there.
Mutants get out and they paste up his picture
as part of this sick activism
that will someday result in the one world religion
foretold in all Bibles.
And on that day,
the waves will wash over the tops of skyscrapers
and the subgeni will float on high in their mobile homes
with their party equipment and secret herb,
the have a frob Zipulops that Bob gives them.
And the conspiracy will be no longer.
Big Bob.
Big Bob.
I got a mighty big Bob.
I got a mighty big Bob.
I got a big Bob.
I got a mighty big Bob.
And he's gotta come out.
Well, he must have got in.
He's gotta get out.
There ain't no room in the house.
He ain't got no room in my skin.
But there's a mighty big Bob.
In the inside of me.
He's a mighty big Bob.
You know he makes me be.
He's a mighty big Bob.
He's a mighty big Bob.
And he's really too big.
He's a mighty big Bob.
That will overcome Satan's powers,
or it's the anointing that will break the yoke of Satan's bondage.
And I want you to know that I have just been experiencing an attack on all sides.
It seemed like on every rift where we tried to advance,
the devil would just unleash literally hordes of demonic forces to stop us.
And after a few weeks of this,
I just began to feel a deep hurting in my belly.
Belly, way deep down in my spirit.
And some people said,
on top of what?
You mean you experience pain too?
Yes, I do.
I hurt just like you do.
I feel the pain of a Satanic attack just like you do.
But I really didn't even know how to pray because I didn't know exactly what the devil,
what was coming at me.
Satan was bombarding me from so many sides.
Actually, I felt kind of dumb.
Step in
to the wonderful world of autodynamics.
Step in to the swept wing Dodge of 1957.
If the last 50 years made such a change,
just imagine the New York of 1980
when everyone has a number instead of a name
and the government tells you whom you should marry.
Just imagine.
1980.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, are you all right, doctor?
If that don't work, we'll bore you.
I'm healed again.
Right here, right in front of us, folks.
This ain't the highest quality slack I ever heard in my life either.
Yeah, well, it's better than that liquid slack we have to buy from you.
Hey, there's a caller.
We talked to Bosco Bear today.
Let's see what Bosco has to say.
Money.
Well, you know, it's a little known fact
that the soul is actually located in the foot.
Of course, it's not physically located.
It's not a physical thing.
It doesn't die with the physical body.
It rots, but it never actually dies.
It stays around.
Yes, the soul is the Strogebrug of the spiritual realm.
It wanders around trying to score a last bit of prop
before it passes over into the before life.
Diagram 7.
And, you know, a normal soul,
it just, when they get over into the before life,
they all just run together into one big slurry.
They get strained out and used in another normal in the next life,
but you couldn't really call it a next life because it's just normal.
Yes, but a subgenius soul becomes a dot.
They're hard to catch.
But what happens to a business executive's soul?
What happens to a business executive's soul?
Well, those are the ones that Bob will use as the main commodity
in his bargaining with the elder gods when the day of judgment arrives.
You should know that from looking at Prescripture 1714, Dr. Howell.
I presume you have been reading your prescriptures.
I was only making an inquiry on behalf of the many unenlightened listeners
who might be curious to know how vulnerable a business executive might be.
I've just noticed a certain lack of discipline around this.
I mean, this whole show thing,
I mean, just the fact that you call it a show.
Oh, don't eschew the show.
Don't eschew the show.
If the checks were bigger, the show would be better.
Oh, the checks, the money, I see.
Yes, if the checks were bigger, the balances would be greater.
Your love of Bob is in direct proportion to how much Bob pays you, right?
Oh, I think Bob's love of me is in direct proportion to how many souls I destroy.
Bob pays through the nose, and I've worn out many souls pounding the streets in his service.
That's right, and I've hurt my nostrils trying to receive those payments.
I had my third nostril forcibly opened by a crazed wino on Telegraph Avenue.
And that's the best way to do it.
That is really the best way, getting it on the street.
Don't forget that if you have any questions about the Church of the Subgenius
and our guru, J.R. Bob, quote, unquote, Bob Dobbs,
you may call here at the station, 823-7490, next week.
And we'll give you all that information.
Plus, don't forget the address we're going to give you at the end of the broadcast tonight.
And we are going to give you that address pretty soon, friends.
Get your pencils ready now.
Get to whittling that pencil down.
It's the same old address, but not enough of you seem to be writing it down.
So now we're going to take you directly, whoop, directly to the underworld, friends,
for a meeting with Bob.
Old Splitfoot himself.
Where are you taking me?
Where's Renee?
Where's Frenchy?
I demand an answer.
Ow!
Yoo-hoo!
Wait!
It ain't the new day.
I'm the new princess.
Come on.
Come on there, boy.
Gee, that girl was beautiful.
You said it, brother.
My boss is just dying to stick his fork in that there tomato.
Is your boss the leader of the sixth dimension?
No, that be the little midget king.
Ow!
Whatever.
You will never be as miserable as he is.

Promise me you say that one day.

Come on, homies.

No good.
That's her favorite line.

Um pigs, volt.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Mike, you want to interject something here?
Because I don't want to get too abstract.
But this is a key number.
¶¶
that Bob Knowledge has to put out.
You haven't yet, but you haven't made any conclusion yet.
No, the conclusion is that like the corporate,
like the global world,
under the global theater,
under absurd conditions of electric implosion,
the super audience, the whole world works for itself.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
boy them was lean years brother and to wipe your ass with some genius
penitents back then and it was the only kind of paper there was no wonder there
was a bad bad depression all over the world kind of figures dateline for
dominance didn't mention that it would be caused by some genius Church and I
can see why why Bob would not want to mention that in his his teachings to the
uninitiated they wouldn't understand
boy
that was a
well what was that?

we don't just sit here with our heads in our hands do we I mean can't they be stopped some way
any suggestions Bob
okay kids the car is packed now go and get your father and we'll look at some more new houses
you could have been a god
and we have two wonderful wiener stuff with eleven ingredients eleven ingredients
can you believe it we got to send money Bob that's all he care
is that little piece of your soul attached your money he doesn't spend the
money burns it but it's got your soul attach to a little bit of your soul is a
attached to your money because of the way the conspiracy set things up. You're spending soul
on the church, and that's the way you get some back. They say Jesus saves. Well, Bob invests
and gets interest. He spends, too. He spends, and he still lives. So get with it, man. You can buy
the tapes. You can become a member of the Church of the Subgenius and get the amazing
Quai yearly newsletter, The Start Fist of Removal. Yes, friends, it's 100 pages long.
It doesn't come out every month, but you'll get them. Uranus is a planet. It's very, very cold.
Show me Dr. O's. He's got a lot of stuff. He can't remember the red test fire, and he's got a lot of stuff.
Oh, those fighting men of Uranus, they spawn when Judy calls. They got lava, rocks for gutters,
and they got little orbs to never find.
Oh, no!
You think the unthinkable. This radiation is beautiful. Yes, death is beautiful. Please, please, please, cover your faces.
That's the doomsday bomb. Do you know what that means? Do you know what that means? Do you understand? Do you understand?
Illusions, illusions, all illusions. Under a slack, a slack, slack, slack, slack mutant sheep projects paralyzing pop wings.
Look what they're worshipping. An atomic bomb.
Wow.
Captain, Mr. Spock, what's going on here?
No, you sniveling tucker. You say no to Aldo.
Aldo, respect.
Respect me.
Uh.
Uh.
Ape.
Ape.
I shall not kill apes.
Too late.
You should have told me sooner.
But it didn't hurt a bit.
Shall we try again?
Sure sign of social consciousness.
Sure sign of social consciousness.
Sure sign of social consciousness.
Well, um, why don't you let me get him down, and you talk to him about it.
Everybody wants to...
Your mother and I met.

I managed to accept it when you broke through the girl barrier.
I don't want him goofing things up.
Don't touch a thing.
I knew it was too good to last.
He's just come in, son. I'll get it for you.
I'll get it for you.
I'll get it for you.
There's this collar.
And it's long.
Dick and I know.
Yeah.
I guess you're right. It would take a man of iron.
Four hours left. I'll just keep reminding myself that she's married to my very own father.

And that she's a very old and very dear friend.
Huh.
If I know the Riddler, it'll be the biggest li-
Meanwhile!
Have you seen any unusual looking people around here?
Unusual? In what way unusual?
Their garb.
For instance, a man wearing a bright green suit with big black question marks on it.
Let me think a moment.
No, I can't say that I have, old man.
Such vandalism. Such vandalism.
Black museums are sure spooks.
That's drugs, my pet.
Why kill them fast when watching them die slowly is so much more entertaining, eh?
Well, what do you know?
Nukent.
Uh-huh.
Is he... Is he eating pee? Is he... Is he eating pee? Is he... Is he eating pee? Is he... Is he eating pee?
It was a twenty foot slender and incredibly fast...
Done!
The shark is coming under the boat!
That is very inviting, Mr. Holmes.
Sounds primitive, doesn't it?
I know this will sound funny to a scientist.
I can't do this!
Yuck!
Boo! Boo!
Ah!
Boo! Boo!
Boo! Boo!
Now, Space Cat 1!
Uh-huh!
I'm very space...
Oh, he's laying on the floor now.
What does Bob say about hardcore bands and about rock and roll in general?
Well, it's... You know, the conspiracy is pretty insidious and if it all sounds alike, that... That... That... You start to think now, is this getting me so... It couldn't be! Could my music, could my generation get...
Spawed out, sold down the river like the hippies?
Could it just be... End up old archaeological discoveries like the beatniks?
You know, could... No, that couldn't happen to... To my generation's personal style of grooviness.
That couldn't happen to punk.
That couldn't happen to new rage, hate, love music.
That couldn't happen to the next new thing, could it?
Friends, there's only one band that's gonna last through the... Through the 1990s.
And after. And that's Doctors for Bob.
Absolutely.
We've got some Doctors for Bob here, by the way. It's on that thing that says, church music that... Great Doctors for Bob tune. Can't hide from God. It's a religious song.
And you know what's really great about Doctors for Bob? They have no albums out.
That's not true. They have...
Oh, really?
Yeah. Dick... Doctors for Bob, Dick, comma, a girl is their first album.
Oh, they do have an album.
And then they've got another album out called, uh, We Could Have Saved Hank.
And that's, uh, but they... It's hard... They're hard to find up here.
Why did they do that, though? Why'd they put albums out?
Because they hate people. They hate the pinks. And they're... They're gonna deliver suffering and torment to those who can't understand them.
Praise Bob!
And meanwhile, the critics, oh, they love it! They love it!
I tasted the hyperclete's vomit as it cascaded over me, they wrote in the New York Times.
And I refuse not to understand the statement on art that Doctors for Bob is making.
They said, uh-huh, yeah. They try to intellectualize the true word of Bob, friends.
Wow, that was close. He's a walking flame killer.
Shut up, you little...
Shut up, you little...
Oh, was he?
Smoke's the weapon.
Oh.
You can't work here, Newark.
You can't work here, Newark.
You're gonna die!
Shot that flame out of his mouth thirty feet away.
Ha, ha, ha!
Finley!
Ha, ha, ha!
There we...
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha!

Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha!
Uh-oh. Here come a few of Draco's pretty boys.
Robots? From outer space?
You know, this old Empire State Building is still pretty high.
And how clear the stars look from up here.
And how clear the stars look from up here.
And how clear the stars look from up here.
Hey, I see us!
Well, that was very good.
If you had been blind all this time, you'd have made it to Kelvin's

Because then, the leader of all the dragon men wasn't rhino, sunset us.
Though I've gotta admit you can tell us right now you're a non-intelligent
fellow.
Because come on, this is труbes!
T divergence, americans.
T巤 e cReMyP, teresa NeceC.
He's coming at me full speed. If he hits me, I'm a goner. Now!
Boom!
You know, I've been trying to win their bingo game.
And, you know, if I dig a bunch of cans, well, they don't like that kind of thing.
And, you know, well, I could probably just pour all the beer out of it.
But, well, that'd probably kill my grass.
And, yeah, I don't want to do that.
And I could trade in for the aluminum.
But, yeah, it wouldn't be really worth the price of the gas of driving down to the aluminum recycling plant.
Yeah, they're probably.
It'd probably be worth, you know.
Yeah, that's what.
I could take them in for the aluminum, you know.
Because if I drank them, well, it'd probably be worth more if they were just the aluminum.
No recycling plant is going to buy aluminum with beer in it.
So I probably would have to drink it.
And, well, it, you know, helps wash down my food.
And it's probably, you know, if I, you know, didn't drink any today.
Well, five more days from now.
It'd be.
It'd be Sunday.
And I might want some and wouldn't be able to drink any.
So at least I could say, well, hell, I got blowed off my ass last Monday.
And, you know, well, these pop tops, well, some little kid could step on them.
Or, you know, even though they are still full beers.
And, well, yeah, they are in my refrigerator.
But, you know, by some twist of the imagination, this little boy's foot could conceivably.
I'm not saying that it's impossible.
But it.
Could probably come into my refrigerator.
And he could, you know, cut his foot open.
And, well, if he sued me or something like that, the hospital bill would be far greater than this beer.
Is it probably even worth it if he did step on it?
And, well, as you know, so if I would drink it and properly take care of the beer cap, the beer can tops.
And that'd be one less thing.
One less thing on my mind.
That I wouldn't have to worry about.
And if I did get drunk, well, I probably wouldn't have to worry about it anyway.
Even though the fact that the beer can tops might be in, say, a trash can.
Along with the beer can.
Oh, yeah, but.
Yeah, I was going to send him, take him to the recycling plant so I could get the money for him.
That was another reason.
And, well, you know, these.
They went to all the trouble to paint the red, white, and blue Budweiser label on here.
And, well, I'd hate to, you know.
I like to support the office.
I like to support the arts.
I'm a patron of the arts.
I'd like to, you know, support them.
Well, Mr. Hobbs, how are we feeling today?
Oh, hello, Nurse Sandier.
It's so late.
I didn't think you were coming in today.
Would I miss a day with you, Mr. Hobbs?
Let me take a look at your leg.
Oh, careful.
Ooh, safe.
What are you doing down there?
What are you doing down there, friends?
Well, it's getting close to the end.
Before we go, let's play.
Let's play my favorite song by the great Zug's Rift.
Zug's Rift.
When my ship goes in, I'll be face down in the sand.
Burning in the sun on this distant island shore.
When my ship goes in, the captain will come to save me.
I'll give you a hand.






He's a bad news visit.
And see his face is mine.
When the spaceship lands, I'll be kissed by silver angels.
We'll drag you overboard.
For the jackal's quite my friend.
We'll take you to the leader.
Be a good man.
He's a bad news visit.
And see his face is mine.
Be a good man.








When I was stranded, I cried out for help.
Everyone ignored me.
They stood around in line.
When my ship goes in, to my lady of isolation.
There's a bad news visit.
And see his face is mine.
Free the people from the people.
From the basilica nation.
And the society.
Free the people from the people.
From the basilica nation.
And the society.
When my spaceship lands, the captain will come to save me.
I'll give you a hand.
He's a bad news visit.
And see his face is mine.
When I was shadowed, I cried out for help Everyone ignored me, they stood around in
line When my ship was in, the captain looked out
to save me A gaze about his visit, and see his face
is mine
Here you go.
coloss về
friends that was of course
long time listeners I'm sure won't have any
question about that that was Zug's Rift singing
when my ship comes in
I bet one or two of you could relate to that one
well friends it's getting pretty close to
the end of our show and a good thing it sounds like
friends don't forget if you have any more questions about
the Church of the Subgenius and J.R. Bob Dobbs
you may write for free information
to the Church of the Subgenius or just write
just on the envelope just write Bob
be sure to put the quotation marks around it though that way we
definitely will get it you never know so write to Bob at
ready I gave you fair warning tonight
write to Bob at P.O. Box
1-4-0-3-0-6
1-4-0-3-0-6
P.O. Box 1-4-0-3-0-6
1-4-0-3-0-6 in Dallas Texas
and that zip is 75214
and we'll pick and we'll we go all the time
pick up that mail
zip it right on back out to you with that free information so Bob at P.O. Box 1-4-0-3-0-6
Dallas Texas 75214
thanks a lot praise Bob and we'll see you next week
good luck
Friday, October 13th, Adair's and the Super Roper Redneck Review
will host another legendary action-packed redneck happy hour.
Adair's located at 2624 Commerce.
