No, no dear friends, we're back and we're beautiful and it is the subgenius radio ministry hour of...
Oh wait a minute, we have a much better way to get into this. Stand by.
Welcome to the Travelers Insurance Company's exhibit.
You are about to start on an unforgettable journey.
A journey across two and a half billion years of life on Earth.
You are going to walk through the history of man.
You will be with him as he meets his greatest challenges.
For this is your story.
And now, in the post-end times, end times, Einstein's secret orchestra...
Seven million, billion, billion, billion, trillion, billion...
Five billion, billion, billion, billion, billion...
...
...tillion different little brain cells of all those other people who are out there doing the same thing that we are, only different, present...
...the subgenius hour of slack.
This edition...
...brought to you by us...
...saturn...
...whatever, it's...
...and them.
I'm afraid we have to...
There were others before.
We have to include them.
More.
Where were others before?
They came long before us.
Two days before the dream.
Three days before the dream time is back.
The ones you spotted in the woods that afternoon aren't gone.
And others shall follow.
What do we do?
What do we do?
You ask that question now?
There's a race gentleman against time.
Welcome to subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
It's the same genuine magic authentic Christmas...
...and the same true.
...used by the priests of Isis and Osiris in the days of the pharaohs of Egypt...
...in which Cleopatra first saw the approach of...
...the...
...these are not the things that men do.
We are men.
Are we not?
...
...
...
...







...
...
...


...
...



...



...
...
...
...
...





The
...
...





today. All futures continue to look pretty dismal, but that's what you should expect
if you're a hog. That's because most farm-dwelling parkers know the end of the line is food around
the corner for somebody else's breakfast table and maybe even yours. Because if you have
four legs, hooves or trotters, and you live on a farm, if it isn't the grim reaper, it's
the international harvester. And now this.
He is ape-like, clothed in coarse hair, but he stands upright. He can think. He can learn.
Imagine yourself 50,000 years ago, living in what today might be known as the Netherlands.
Walking around in your caveman clothes.
Grabbing your little phone.
Huddling around your fire.
Walking through the plains.
All chanting together.
I'm a person in the crowd.
I go with the in crowd girls.
I'm in with the in crowd.
And I go with the in crowd girls.
Get on with walking.
Get on with talking.
Get on with walking, talking, all that stuff.
And all the stuff I can do.
And you go down.
You go down to the other valley.
And you check out the babes from the other tribe.
Yeah.
And a whole pack of you go walking into their camp.
Yeah.
Driving your little caveman car.
And you grab your Mr. Caveman microphone.
Hey, hey, babe.
Hey, babe.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
We'll be back to kick you up later.
And then you stopped at the caveman disco tent.
Find yourself a couple nights.
Babes from the other tribe.
Yeah.
Something about them.
Yeah.




















And you walk into that caveman disco tent inside that cave.
And the candles are all flittering on the wall.
And the torches are lighting up the ceiling.
And they're burning some kind of strange herbs that they don't grow in your little tribal
village.
Yeah.
I've never smelled that before.
Take a few weeks to make this herb mixture.
Take a hand, a stick and a spoon.
Pull up dirt.
Throw on fire.
Eat.
Repeat as needed.
You're walking in the road.
I'm in with the intro
I'm in with the intro
I'm in with the intro
And I know what the intro's
No
Got a long way of walking
No
Got a long way of talking to
No
I'm in with the intro
Hey baby
Hey baby
Any of your boyfriends know how to
Build a fire?
I have fire
You say to her
I have fire
And that's all it takes
50,000 years ago
In what is known today as
The Netherlands
I have fire
And so you see the legend is Promethean in nature
Fire, fire
If you've got fire you can get the chips
Fire
Look I have a torch baby
I can turn a torch for you
Fire
Look at my stick it's all hot
Fire
A similar sort of thing but
I'll bring you fire
Ooh, fire
Fire
I'll bring you fire
Fire
You guys are really hot
Fire
I'll bring you fire
Fire
Ooh, fire
I'll bring you fire
He fashions small stone tools to help him cut through tough highs
His world is violent, cruel, but he survives
And this simple pebble tool is the beginning of a technology
Which will take man to the stars
Oh mama, oh mama, oh mama, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
Bob, the drummer of ESO, was there at 6 in the morning on X-2 day, or whatever, Starwood day.
You know, after the big Saturday night, after all the hippies and methamphetamine addicts had drummed and danced all night,
Bob was still there.
Drumming away.
Still drumming away.
Anyway, there was hardly anybody left but the alcoholic and the caffeinaholic.
And Bob.
And Bob.
And Bob.
And Bob.
And Bob.
And Bob.
This is City Probe Scanner.
We've run across some illegal sexual activity.
It should be on your DTO screen now.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Hello, Bob-Omb.
Bob-Omb!
Bob-Omb!
Let me out!
Let me out of here!
You can't keep me in here!
Let me out of here!
And the log jamming monkeys that you tape to the bonfire...
Yeah, the log jammers.
The log...
That's a lot of stuff to be hauling around.
The ones with the long...
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait a minute.
The log jamming monkeys that you tape to the bonfire did you say?
Yeah, the ones with the red suspenders on.
They come out after, see what's this device?
Kind of looks like a Maytag washing machine from the 50s.
And he gets that going with the smoke machine at the same time,
and pretty soon they're not real blue monkeys.
It's kind of like a sordid evacuation from the back of part of your imagination.
It is a sordid evacuation.
But they appear to be.
For a million years, man faces life like the animals with only primitive tools to help.
Man has long known of fire, but he runs from it in fear.
Then man discovers he can use this energy.
The small flames light his nights.
He is able to cook.
With fire, man can now live in colder climates,
and he endures.
Man inhabits more of the earth.
In northern China, 250,000 years ago,
we find man gathering his family around the fire.
These are the pills, my friends.
These are the pills.
They prevent you from getting killed.
And what's inside these pills, my friends,
is the same thing that's inside my head.
It's a rain of pills in a fucking revolution.
It's a rain of pills in a fucking revolution.
It's a rain of pills in a fucking revolution.
It's a rain of pills in a fucking revolution.
It's a rain of pills in a fucking revolution.


Break on through to the other side.
Break on through to the other side.
Because some genius must have a right.
Too much is always better than not enough.
What is the law?
We are not made for this.

A quarter of a million years go by.
Man is now aware of a world beyond his own senses.
A world of emotion, imagination, the supernatural.
It's time for all the animals, whether they slither or run,
to come and play.
Yes, in their skeleton costumes,
carrying signs of abandonment,
the world will not end.
It's already over.
We're all sober young,
and we don't know.
But babe,
I don't give a damn.
hope
home
Papa
Papa
Mama
Papa
Papa
uh in reality
you can't force me force me force me to have that which is perfect
they made you think that mars was heaven and we fell into the trap can you hear me earth
you've got to stop the next rocket
here
well okay once once once once have you ever seen a thalidomide horse it gallops really funny kind of
hey you're turning me on again friday i had the good taste not to be making actual thalidomide
jokes okay but of course you people bleep oh it's so good to hear your voice it makes me want to
stop killing you're beautiful when you kill stang
you're beautiful when you kill stang
yes we all want to see you kill more i love to see your long hair matted with blood i like
watching the brains drip down your chin no one feels like you do stang we are not
back into time when the only people that existed were troglodytes
cavemen cave women neanderthal neanderthal neanderthal
neanderthal
you know they say that an orangut a a neanderthal man dressed in a business suit would pass for just
a particularly ugly human well i don't know if you put them in a white tux maybe but i don't know
if a regular business suit do it yeah i take that personally well the neanderthals are still here
i mean everyone kind of thinks that they're not here anymore but they are here oh yeah
long torso the short legs the low brow
right
my neighbor is one of them yeah i've gone to school i went to school with many of them
elongated arms actually um i understand that the name smith is basically means neanderthal
well yeah where do you think they lived up in scotland and you know the northern climb the
northern area yeah ancient right the ancient pig the big nose actually that's what they say it's
the big nose that's how you can tell that uh the neanderthal is still with us
the huge snout yeah the big the big the big snorting
when in doubt snort you got it formations the the sloping forehead we're not talking piltdown man
here either no the gigantic long huge throbbing veiny tongue and peking man has nothing to do with
this either peking man has nothing to do with this either peking man has nothing to do with this either
this is neanderthal no peaking now no peaking man you know the latest uh evidence indicates that
neanderthals were could not interbreed with chromagnon and uh thus uh were literally just
made extinct and were not um you know what do you what do you call it uh integrated integrated into
the into the human race and but you know
was this human this was the organism uh that uh got destroyed in amount compared to what we jogo
they say we'll just never really know because we're the only one we won
체員은 그냥關係 oneola
there used to be a whole lot of different kind there were there were a bunch there
there was the gigantanthropith yeah or giganticus i'm i'm afraid they still call it
yeah and we we won but none of them by the winners including natural history yeah
yes we if only they could speak to us through Afterwards
we could ever understand who they really are



to understand that a kromag logical Behringen or shaman was just one of themselves

versus Chaz, the Neanderthal.
I'm stunning.
Friday, the Homo erectus.
This is the Neanderthal show everyone meanders about.
But Dave, the Australopithecus.
Are you sure that's not Nostrilopithecus?
The Nostrilopithecus, whose nostril hairs were of such fine sensory.
Well, they used to make vests out of them for wearing into battle
because the arrows couldn't penetrate a vest made of those hairs.
Do I hear Dave moaning in the background?
No, that's Bob.
That's Bob the drummer, Bob.
Dave was speaking through Bob.
I'm transforming.
Bob is channeling Dave.
The most primitive of all.
Bob was channeling Dave.
That's exactly right.
I tell you.
Bob was the very poor man.
The first of the two-legged primates to branch off from the newts.
Fig newts?
In subgenius science.
The fig newt.
Yes.
First there was the fig newt, the four-legged amphibian,
which evolved directly, suddenly, into the Yeti under excess technology.
Into the Yad newt.
Then instantly devolved back down into Pithecanthus,
which is represented now by Bob Mosick.
Which is a pig.

Yes, the many stages of man's development are represented by the various members of
Einstein's secret orchestra.
Universal appeal.
All of the members have huge craniums.
Enlarged.
Yeah, grossly, hideously enlarged craniums.
Slowing.
But frighteningly diminished.
Diminished.
Centered.
The subgenius was a vestigial organ.
Through years of evolution.
Eons upon eons of evolution.
In fact, the subgenius was so gigantically huge, egotistically wise,
that he required a tiny secondary brain just to control ethics and morality.
Now, seen here, in front of the grand jury,
testifying about the stain.
A world of emotion, imagination, the supernatural, the succession of day and night, the rhythm
of the seasons, the pattern of life and death are mysteries he tries to understand.
These cavemen hope to exert a magical power over the animals by painting their images.
It's all right, you can relax, now, go back to sleep.
Is that a Neanderthal stain or a Cro-Magnon stain?
Was it just a dime?

a dream? Are you getting all of the guilt and none of the sex? Bob gets the guilt. Out of man's desire to influence forces beyond himself, a simple religion arises in the hostile world of 25,000 years ago.
auf Wiedersehen.
I'm just another guy standing in line with his quarter, waiting to drop it in the slot.
Out of man's desire to influence forces beyond himself, a simple religion arises.
Like the hands of Bob, like the hands of Bob, like the hands of Bob, kicking like a clock, like the hands of Bob, bringing you round the block, you know.
Like the hands of Bob, like the hands of Bob.
He's gonna turn your life into a rocket, send you $30, don't forget.
From the hands of Bob to the hands of Bob, from the hands of Bob to the hands of Bob.
Because Bob takes on the part of you that is him, that is you.
Because if you aren't listening to this right now,
you are in the place that's supposed to be hearing this signal.
In whatever form the signal may be taking, it is still seeping its way into your mind, whether you like it to or not.
By the hands of Bob, like the hands of Bob, like the hands of Bob, holding you down.
Like the hands of Bob.
Like the hands of Bob.
Or slapping you upside the head.
Like the hands of Bob, till you're better off than not dead, like the hands of Bob.
Like the hands of Bob.
Like the hands of Bob.
Like, like, like the hands of Bob, like the, like, like the hands of Bob.
Like, like, like the, like, like the hands of Bob.

And am I right and am I not wrong, why aren't you there?






quicker than me
I've got the hands of I
Don't you watch out for that one
Hands of I
Oh Pete, my guitar's stuck!
What is this, a pie fight?
Get away from my
blister!
Stop punching mannequins!
Please, no!
You thought this was high ground entertainment?
Yeah!
This is low class free vodka, folks
Sadistical sputum
from the bottom rotten
We do this for the free corn on the cob
Make no doubt about it
But you will too
come the real X-Day
Right, princess?
The corn and the bobs
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I

Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
zony
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
Hands of I
I'm talking to you ladies as well as you men.
He's gonna make you come here all over again.
Till you don't know whether you're doing a bad Bob Dylan imitation.
Even though you didn't really start to do the real Bob Dylan's part.
And I'm not gonna go there. No, no. I don't go there.
That's the old 1970's radio production, cheap production shop.
And I'm losing it anyway.
By the hands of Bob.
Hey Mr. Bob, play a song for me.
I'm not sleepy and I'm not sleeping.
By the hands of Bob.
This is not copyright by the Dylan Organization.
By the hands of Bob.
By the hands of Bob.
Bob's gonna protect you folks.
By the hands of Bob.
Yes, even if you get thrown into jail for that copyright lawsuit.
By the hands of Bob.
Bob will keep smiling and working for you.
By the hands of Bob.
Even while you're behind bars, Bob will secretly be making deals.
By the hands of Bob.
On your behalf in ways that you'd never even expect.
By the hands of Bob.
So that when you get out again in 40, 50, 70 years, whatever it is.
By the hands of Bob.
And they've been able to increase life expectancy to the infinite.
By the hands of Bob.
You'll appreciate the hands of Bob.
Having turned that rollercoaster control out of the hands of the conspiracy.
All the while lubricating them with your money.
So don't forget folks, that's P.O. Box 14030675214.
It's never too late.
Dallas, Texas, I'm sorry 75214.
It's never too late to at least send that dollar in and find out more about the church and suching as friends.
But even more important right now is the city we're in.
The city of Cleveland.
And the hands of Bob are everywhere in this city, aren't they?
They're everywhere here.
We've noticed that since we've been here.
Even as I was strolling through the arc-rum-produced streets of the 1962 industrial wasteland.
It's the backyard of this very swamp itself.
I could feel the hands of Bob.
As the street guy told us that he was going to run a shop through that kid that might have stolen that car next door.
Had not.
The very hands of Einstein's secret orchestra reached out in old-fashioned hillbilly style.
And scared the crap out of the boy.
With a rock-salt filled...
Well I won't say what it was.
But let's just say that that boy probably won't be coming by these parts again anytime soon.
No, we used the pluvius tube though, didn't we?
Yeah. And it makes us feel better.
Sometimes.
Sometimes as we contemplate our lives across this great internet of time and space.
That brings us here.
Princess Ouillardeau and Chaz Smith and Bunsen Cowboy Dave and myself this evening.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy with you once again.
And me Reverend Stang.
We're just talking trash about Bob and everything that we can think of.
I'm here too.
What's the number here Chaz?
Of this studio?
I think it's 655.
Is Radio 5 on the air?
No, we're not on the air.
But we are alive dear friends.
And obviously this is a very Einsteinian secret.
Orchestral show.
That bunch got together in the basement of the Swamp Radio outside of the WCSB studios.
Deep in the ESO psychedelic basement itself.
And cranked out some amazing radio.
I tried to join in by telephone now and then.
And what you've been listening to is a mixture of that and various other Einstein secret orchestra radio shows.
There at WCSB Cleveland.
Friends, we've been beginning to decompress the X Day rant and music tapes.
And maybe we'll get to those later on in the show.
But probably not.
Dear friends.
Thank you.
Ah yes dear friends.
And we're back.
And we'll be going back down deep into Einstein's secret orchestra.
But first I'd like to give you their address.
And I'll give you their address.
Because you can get the amazing Einstein secret tapes from, got that pencil ready?
ESO at post office box 81555.
That's an easy one.
PO box 81555 Cleveland, Ohio 44181.
And I did manage to dig up a little bit of X Day.
Ranting.
I've got the Luciferian Liberation Front.
And Papa Joe Mama.
And we will go into X Day.
Back to X Day.
But first.
This.
You find yourself saying.
We now we know.
We now we know.
It keeps you.
We now we know.
Do you know?
We now we know.
That it took a concerted effort.
We now we know.
To track comets.
We now we know.
That could be on a potential course for.
We now we know.
Earth.
We now we know.
We now we know.
Did you know?
We now we know.
That whales.
Talk to each other.
Planet wide.
We now we know.
We now we know.
We now we know.

There they are now.
The big sperm whale.
We now we know.
With its huge massive head.
We now we know.
Thin little lower jaw.
And its beady little eyes.
We now we know.
The greatest largest living thing on the planet earth.
Now or ever.
We now we know.
Can you tell the difference between these two species?
We now we know.
One is highly appalled.
The other one is barely exact.
A comparison between these two species reveals one vital.
Insightful.
We now we know.
We now we know.
We now we know.
It is all known.
It is all thought.
We now we know.
We now we know.
We now we know.
We know, we know.
We now we know.
We know, we know.
Raw, raw, raw.
We now we know.
We know.
We now we know.
We know.
We now we know.
We now we know.
We know.
We know.
We know we know.
now we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
Happy trails, heads or tails, bombs away.
Happy trails, bombs away.
Here we go.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
We now, we know.
I would say, Dr. Lester, your experiment very definitely should go on.
Why should people not know about this?
Why cannot people know this?
This is the greatest discovery since the invention of fire.
Come on.
I can't believe it.
You know, you know, Dwight.
It's, it's...
Dr. Lester, please sit down.
Sit down.
You're babbling.
Now just keep your hands where they are and I'll remove the beasts of Dendrite from the
safe.
Just keep your hands where they are.
Do not move, Dr. Lester.
I know what you're capable of.
Ah, now I'm hypnotified, Dr. Lester.
Not the hypnotified.
It's getting hot up here.
I've got to get, I've got to get to that safe.
I've got to get the Dendrite before Lester destroys the world.
I've got to get the Dendrite before Lester destroys the world.
Who am I talking to?
I'm not talking to anyone.
I'm, it's an aside.
That's right.
It's a stage command.
An aside.
I'm speaking to Earth.
You and Fiona know that my cell phone is...
Lester, Lester, those waves, those brain waves are killing me.
I...
I'm not talking to anyone.
I'm talking to the Earth.
I'm talking to the Earth.
I'm not talking to anyone.
I'm not talking to anyone.
I'm not talking to anyone.
I'm talking to the Earth.
I'm talking to the Earth.
I'm talking to the Earth.
I'm just talking to the Earth anyway.
Not with anyone.
I'm not talking to Earth.
I'm only talking to people.

We're talking to Earth.


It's everybody else.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
slightly skew in the hair sticking up out of the brassiere i don't know sometimes it's the best we
can do man and you know false slack is better than no slack at all no that's true at least
there's the illusion of going there at least you had the hope that one day you might slip it into a
self-lubricated socket yeah that's what we've all been dreaming of but you know i'm just getting so
tired of waiting i think i might you know just go out and cut off one of my legs and just use the
bloody stump on myself until i can pass out that beats pumping a dry hole yep that's what most of
us have been doing now if one of them is say for instance dressed up like a priest or something
like that then it's probably got a dry hole for sure right well if they're dressed up like a nun
that would probably be more like what you were looking for if i know we don't know neither one
of us have had carnal knowledge of one of the ladies of the lord
you
keep your eye on that log monkey you better bird dog that stuff or i'm gonna take it away from you
dave you don't speak too soon about them women of the lord or the log the women of the log they had
they had actually eight women of the log they had ho-hos for what is the log
that is the law
now i
now i
and the law
what is the law
not to endlessly impose the law that is the law we are not men what is instinct to a dog
what is instinct to a dog to hunt master to hunt to fight to hunt to run to kill to run with the pack
i'm gonna go to the dog
care
you
you
you
you
you
you
you

you









hope
are we
having a good time tonight
nope
good
emotion
good
you aint
buy
'm
and
you
won't
dr


are we
pretty messy
a lot of times but if we keep interviewing trip apart
Diana and Mother Teresa.
I mean, let's just think about it, friends.
It was so ironic and it was so tragic all at the same time.
I mean, they died within just one week of one another.
And they had so much in common, too, didn't they?
Well, maybe not really, but...
I mean, they both supported important charities and did great deeds.
And they were both very popular with the media, weren't they?
It's only natural after these very public and popular figures die
that we take a step back and reflect to ask ourselves,
what now?
What happens to the spirit of these two great women?
Will both souls be present
when we reach the end of the world?
Will both souls be present when we reach the promised land on next day?
No!
Well, friends, it's very difficult to predict what Bob and his infinite wisdom will do.
But God would not give us guidelines unless he intended us to use them.
And like any religion, it's always funner to apply those guidelines to other people than it is ourselves.
So let's put these two needs...
So let's start off with our freedom consciousness.
We'll look into both of these kids.
Let's start off with these girls this week.
They're the ditz imprint,
although if you remember,
they

RES la
PRES C sin
en
model. Now isn't that nice? I guess the message that she emanated was that if you take real good
care of your skin and wear cute little outfits, that at age 16 you can quit school and marry
royalty, right? Now I'm not really sure that that's a very realistic option for most women,
but you know, hey, if it helps just one person grow up and become a princess, then I guess it's
worth it. After all, the media wouldn't say it if it weren't true now, would they? They also claim
that she devoted a great deal of her time visiting the sick, raising money for AIDS, and urging to
stop for landmines. Well, that's pretty daring of her, isn't it? I mean, if you really want to
endear yourself to the media, I can't think of a better way to do it than to publicly embrace the
sick, raise funds for AIDS, and campaign to stop landmines. I mean, those are all very politically
correct. I mean, those are all very politically correct. I mean, those are all very politically
correct. Little items, and you know, it's kind of a non-brainer, isn't it?
So, no doubt, if we were all given millions of dollars, you and I, and we never had to work a
single day in our lives, then maybe some of us might also show how considerate we were for the
down-and-out by giving, not our money, because we might need that later on to buy ourselves
another castle or something, but our time. Our time. Not too much of it,
you know, a few hours every week or maybe every other month in order to waltz into the limelight
and soak up all that attention and show how much we care about whatever the favorite cause of the year is.
Now, some people, they might criticize Lady Di for being a slut.
A slut!
Not claiming that she was passed around from one rich Arab to another like some hussy in a harem.
But I feel that's a little harsh.
I mean, after all, the British have been screwing the Arabs for centuries.
It's only fair that every once in a while the tables get turned now, isn't it?
So you strip away all the glamour and the media myth-making, and what do you have left?
Well, in my humble opinion, you have just another rich kid trying to prove how unsnotty,
how unpretentious, and how unsuperficial she really is.
But, you know, compared to everyone else who's rich, who doesn't really give a shit,
I guess that's pretty magnanimous of her also.
So let's give her a big hand for Lady Di.
Yes, come on now.
Lady Di, we salute you.
Now, in the other corner, weighing a measly 87 pounds and wearing a worn-out smock,
is Mother Teresa.
For all the talk about how much she had in common with Diana,
there were far more differences than there were similarities.
Mother Teresa?
Mother Teresa was the opposite of young and attractive.
Damn straight.
In fact, I guess you could say she was downright ugly and old.
I mean, yeah, okay, we'll be realistic, all right?
If you gave her a broom and a pointed hat, she'd win the Halloween contest every year.
But, you know, despite her god-awful looks, she did something Diana never did.
She put our money where our toothless mouth was.
And she gave everything she had for what she believed in.
Yeah.
Boy, she's totally...
While Diana donated a few of her used designer outfits,
these dresses to charity auctions,
and then wrote them off on her million-dollar taxes,
Mother Teresa kept her clothes.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because she had no extra ones to give.
She only had two dresses in her entire wardrobe.
And besides, if she had tried to sell either of them,
who would want to buy a sneaky old dress that would stand up by itself in the corner
without any...
I mean, that's disgusting, isn't it?
But that's not the point, friends.
The point is that while Diana did so little for what she had and believed in,
Teresa gave up everything.
Everything but those two sneaky dresses and a dog-eared copy of the Bible.
Her only three possessions in the entire world.
So I ask you, if you were Bob,
and you had to decide which soul you were going to save
and give that free ride to the promised land,
would it take you long to decide?
Would it?
Hell no.
You'd toss that wrinkled old bitch Teresa out on her withered old ass
and make that voluptuous young princess on board to service the troops.
I mean, come on now.
Let's be realistic.
She's rich.
She's beautiful.
She's promiscuous.
And she's dead.
And she's dead, but she can still be warmed up.
I mean, what more could a subgenius want?
They don't call them pleasure saucers for nothing, my friends.
And you know, that's the beauty of Bob.
Because he never forgets the little guy.
Even if you're poor, ugly, arthritic,
you still get your chance at begging royalty for just 30 lousy bucks on X-Day.
Now, I think that's worth the price of admission alone,
but, you know,
that's just 30 bucks.
That's worth it for me and my membership.
But, you know, you get celebrity sex and eternal salvation at no additional charge.
That's why they call Bob the Patriot Saint of Sales.
That's why Bob figures all these things out.
Because he knows that you can sell anything once you've got sex appeal.
So, for Bob's sake, get out there, buy that membership,
grease yourself up to give old Lady Di a bang on X-Day.
And we expect to see you there at 7 a.m. on July 5th, 1988.
Do I have Grace Bob?
Grace Bob!
Yes, dear friends, Papa Joe Mama,
the, uh, what, what, what, what,
the amazing Father Joe Mama there at X-Day at Brushwood in 1998,
uh, waiting for the saucers to arrive
with a crowd of about 450.
Of the faithful, the truly faithful.
And you know what?
I think a whole lot of them are going to be just as faithful next year as they were this year.
And I don't think we'll have to, I don't think we'll have to do it again after this year.
I'm a, I'm a Dos Ekean, Dos Ekean myself.
I think on X-Day 2, 1999, July 5th, 1999.
I'm pretty sure that that's probably what Bob was talking about.
Friends, if, if that, uh,
throws you, then throw, uh, a self-addressed stamped envelope our way for free information.
Just send that self-addressed stamped envelope,
or, or a buck or something to, uh, www.subgenius.com.
Or, if you want to do it the other way, send it to Bob.
And I'm going to give that post office box, it's a P.O. box,
Box 140306.
That's Box 1-4-0-3-0-6.
Dallas, Texas, 7-5-2-1-4.
7-5-2-1-4.
Friends, and I love Einstein Secret Orchestra so much that I'm going to go back and find this...
E-t-t-t-t-m, hmm.
You know, it's kind of like Donna Fosse.
The, the, uh, um...


the scientists and Jane Goodall, both of those scientists who studied the great apes,
had to live among them for a long time before they were able to photograph them.
By the same token, I went and lived among the subgeniuses, the pagans, and the other bonobo
times, and was until that they became adjusted to my presence with the camera,
and I was able to bring back photographs of my adventures among these strange people.
So when are you going to take off your full-body subgenius suit
and reveal your perfectly normal human form within?
Only when the time comes for shucking the ship, the shell. The time is not yet for the shedding.
Ah, no public shucking yet?
Only after the hunt then comes the shunt.
Dog heaven.
Ah.
Uh.
I want to go to dog heaven.
Take me to dog heaven.
I want to go to wee heaven.
Oh.
Didn't we go to wee heaven last year?
I don't know whether you could handle wee heaven, seriously.
I could try. I could grab on with both hands.
Well, first of all, you're going to have to take this little pill right here.
And then you're going to have to take another one.
It's shaped like a little UFO.
Huh?
The pill is shaped like a little UFO.
It is a little tiny UFO.
It tastes like a little UFO, too.
Well, and you know, X-Day did happen, and the escape vessels of the sex goddesses did show up at Brushwood out there.
But they were the size of shirt buttons.
And when they landed on the ground, the subgeniuses went and trampled them all.
Just smashed them in their confusion, chasing after the little empty pills that we were dispensing.
At the same time, it's kind of sad that the entire exit fleet was destroyed that way.
Not all the pills were empty.
But that is only one theory.
That doesn't preclude the Dos Equis X-Day arrival next year.
I trust that you all do have faith that the Xs are going to arrive in 1999.
I am a Dos Equis. I am a Dos Equis.
Let me down.
You know, Nostradamus was, too.
If you study Nostradamus, he says the great king of Jacare, or jokery, will descend from the sky on July 5th, or the fifth day of the eighth month, 1999.
We were aware of that.
I think Dobbs himself was probably aware of that when he prophesied 1998.
But I think Dobbs was going with Edgar Cayce, you know, as being a more recent sleeping prophet.
And then there's Nostradamus, who says that the saucers will be arriving on Nos Equis.
Damn that old Nostradamus.
Yeah.
Well, she was a great prophet.
If only she had plucked her nose hairs a little better.
I can see why she was fixated on that date, though.
She hung the little coffee cans off the nose hairs.
Listen, you can hear those coffee cans now.
Yes.
Connie is pounding on those coffee cans.
With her little drumstick.
Yeah, we're gearing up big time for Dos Equis.
Everything. Everything.
Oh, I just bought a new, a new, uh, I just bought a parachute.
What?
Yeah, I bought a 35-foot personnel army parachute.
Yeah.
We're gonna inflate it.
You were just so disappointed when that puffer domed it came down and collapsed.
Yeah, now I have my own puffer dome.
We have to make our own.
Oh, we need two domes.
Build your own ship.
Build your own ship.
That's a good one.
Don't you understand what I'm doing here?
Piece by piece.
You gotta have a parachute.
I'm with you, man.
Change is affected one little step at a time.
Yeah.
You gotta have a parachute because even if you can't open the hatch, even if you can't
get out in time to use the parachute, at least it gives you something to do until you hit.
It was great.
Louie's goat cheese was so good in the end.
It was great.
In the end, it was the goat cheese that lay in the refrigerator of Einstein's secret
orchestra once again in the swamp in New Haven, Ohio, deep beneath the sycamore trees.
And the crying locusts in the night sing once again the Whippoorwills and remind us that
the entire radio audience is also along for the ride.
So friends, don't forget to remember what you didn't remember to forget.
And those car keys that you left in the other left-hand dresser drawer can't be the other
ones because those are with your friend Murray.
So this is just a friendly reminder from all of us to all of you to keep track of all the
little details.
Isn't that right, Frank?
The pre-cli-suit potentates have been brought to you by a generous grant from the people
who bring you down.
Also by Immaculate Wonder goat cheese, the goat cheese you need when it's time to get
down.
And by Alien Smegma pie for a taste that's out of this world.

And by Bleepo's naughty little panties.
Want to get those ladies screaming?
Buy a heapin' humpin' stag of Bleepo's little panties.
We turn with the reclusive bat after this word from...
Is that...
No, I'm reading the wrong...
Antique frequencies!
Antique frequencies!
Wow!
Look at that!
All you can uncover are the things that are covered before.
And look, open it up and the red filter filters out the useless information you don't need
and you can only read what they want you to.
And there's plenty of bindings too.
In case you read the wrong things, you'll be slapped down with a high voltage shot to
the brain from this electromagnetic current force finder.
Uh oh, that's a thought crime.
Uh oh, that's another thought crime.
I tossed it.


So I thought, kind, if you find you're getting too strong in any one area, don't worry, we'll
weaken you.
And your will.
Boop!
There's another thought crime.
Look out, they're around you.
So keep that hat pulled down over your ears and keep your blinders on and buy this brand
new package from...
Ankle Weights Unlimited.
And forget what the sensors say.
Forget everything.
Try some today.
And try some of the stuff you don't know.

Forget what you weren't told before.
Forget what we just told you.
Forget.
Forget.
Remember.
Forget.
Remember.
Forget.
Go to sleep.
Forget.
Forget.
Remember.
Forget.
Forget.
Forget.
Forget.
We're all sitting together listening to this.
Forget.
Remember.
Forget.
Remember.
Forget.
Remember.


We're all sitting together just like that.
Children just love to bite Bob.
