Groovy. Dynamite. Heavy. Wow. Out of sight.
These are the words of a drug user.
Learn them. Know them. And listen for them at your home.
Your child might be hooked on narcotics.
And that's a bummer.
People often ask me if I have any...
Wait a minute.
That's mine.
I think I need some water.
I've got some water.
I was just hearing you think...
People often ask me if I have any words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Well, here are a few simple admonitions for young and old.
Never interfere in a boy and girl relationship.
Right.
Beware of whores who say they don't want money.
The hell they don't.
What they mean is they want more money.
Much more.
If you're doing business with a religious son of a bitch,
get it in writing.
His word isn't worth nothing with a good lord telling him how to put on a deal.
Words of advice for dumb people.
Words of advice for dumb people.
Avoid them.
You all know the type.
Anything they have anything to do with,
no matter how good it sounds,
turns into a disaster.
Do not offer sympathy to the mentally ill.
Tell them firmly,
I am not paid to listen to this drivel.
You are a terminal fool.
Words of advice for dumb people.
Words of advice for dumb people.
Words of advice for dumb people.

Words of advice for dumb people.
Words of advice for dumb people.
Now some of your mankind are the devil's bargain.
You get that far.
Any old soul is worth saving, at least to a priest.
But not every soul is worth buying.
So you can take the offer as a compliment.
They charge the easy ones first.
You know, like money, all the money there is.
Yeah, but who wants to be the richest guy in some cemetery?
Money won't buy, eh?
Not much left to spend it on, eh, Gramps?
Getting too old to cut the mustard.
I was a little drunk.






I was a young body grad.
Like three-card money, like pee under the shell.
Now you see it, now you don't.
Haven't you forgotten something, Gramps?
In order to feel something, you have to be there.
You have to be 18.
You're not 18, you are 17.
Old fool sold his soul for a strap.
Old fool sold his soul for a strap.
Well, I always try the easy ones first.
How about an honorable bargain?
You always wanted to be a doctor without your chance.
Why, you could become a great eater and benefit humanity.
What's wrong with that?
Just about everything.
There are no honorable bargains involving
exchange of qualitative merchandise like souls.
I want to say the merchandise like time and money.
So piss off, Satan, and don't take me for a dumber than I look.
As an old junk pusher told me, watch whose money you pick up.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
Words of advice for young people.
People often ask me if I have any words of advice for young people.
All too soon, the show ends and the show begins.
The show begins another cycle of shows.
We want you to never forget, that's right, these awful shows.
The terrible wasted lives that you've spent.
The collective years of listening.
To this rotten show.
Yes.
And you don't even get it.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
On a friendly basis.
This show is our only method of communicating with you Earth people.
In hope that in the storm of Babel, you will understand the basic reality of our method.
And apprehend that we are not simply a comedy group or a humorous exercise,
but actually the emissaries of a distant civilization,
which only wishes to be.
And wishes to confer its own understanding upon the citizens of your rather backward planet.
We thank you for listening.
Music
Music
Big bucket of pills.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music



Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music






















BUCKET OF PILLS!
John got a bucket. John's got a bucket. John got a bucket of pills!
John got a bucket. John's got a bucket. John's got a bucket of pills!
You see right here, ladies and gentlemens, the ultimate spectacle of decadence!
This is an actual bucket!
A bucket of pills, of course less than a gallon.
and still a misdemeanor in Arkansas.
But we have a bucket, a certified bucket of pills.
Live heroes, saints, and SOPs.
This is more maniacal than the turtle watching,
more horrible than the guitar scenes.
This is a certified Dr. Bob bucket of pills.
Partake.
These aren't any ordinary street drugs.
These are Bob pills.
These receive the essence of Bob's brain.
We know we receive a responsibility for brain damage.
We also possesses.
We've got, we've got, uh, we have words.
So no responsibility for brain damage.
The effects of these pills.
No, no, no.
Our powers, uh, ours, uh, ours.
Some of these pills contain the true slack of Bob.
Some of them contain the nerve of wax.
So, and some of them contain nothing but your,
but your, if I believe it, if you believe it,
we all need to end up.
Hey!
Hey!
More pills, Bob.
We've got bucket, bucket.
This is the most illegal thing.
Ain't funny to say.
Yeah, yeah.
Come on, man.
You've never seen anything like a bucket of pills.
Doctors for Bob.
These are the same pills that have been produced
to leave in 25 states by these wonderful,
wonderful doctors for Bob.
Except for our guns to the bucket of pills.
They only cost $2 extra.
People here at the SLP,
go straight with the clue.
Bucket of pills, bucket of pills.
You won't believe.
Ask your waitress for a codeine injection
after the show.
Bucket of pills.
Not responsible for loss of brain cells,
loss of psychic abilities,
astral projections,
other psychic phenomena,
ESP, dream phenomena,
loss of limbs, self-mutilation, suicide.
Hard to believe this took place on a dance floor
without someone trying to stop it.
Well, police report says by the time they got there,
it turned into quite a brawl.
You tell a kid, a vulnerable kid,
over and over again that life isn't worth living,
that violence is its own reward,
and you add to it the kind of intensity
that this music has,
and you just might convince her.
Yeah, fine.
I mean, sometimes I see these kids on the street,
I never give them a second thought.
I thought they were another silly fad,
something that would be blown away
by the next wind.
I never thought it went deeper than that.
Silly fad, huh?
You've got to see it with your own eyes
to believe it quits.
I've seen children come off that dance floor
with crushed ribs and bloody faces,
like soldiers fighting some kind of insane war.
What could persuade a kid to act like that?
Maybe the greatest persuader there is.
At first, I thought,
she'll go out of it like a phase.
So I put up with the makeup and the crazy clothes.
I even put up with the lies for a while.
And then the self-mutilation began.
People think I'm crazy
because there are space beings in my bedroom,
but it's true.
Central Services
We do the work, you do the pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure

Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
Pleasure
And good evening to you all tonight.
On the Hour of Slack,
which is the program to which you are now listening,
we heard first,
words of advice for young people
by good old William S. Burroughs,
a kid show host,
and the disposable heroes of hypocrisy,
and a wee bit of the KPFA show show.
Johnny's got a bucket of pills by Doctors of Bob,
which was then followed by Quincy,
trying to figure out Doctors for Bob.
Believe me, better men than you have tried, Quincy.
Realer men, too.
And then we heard Debbie,
the space lesbian,
who probably should have won that beauty contest.
And now,
how about a brand new mix version tape we got
from the Kings of Feedback.
This is utterly new.
And this is
Kill, Kill Bob.
Repeat, quit your job,
slacker!
You have been driven to the brink of insanity
by the conspiracy!
Bob is your only hope!
You're a lot closer than you even think!
Bob is the way!
Bob is the path!
Believe or die!
No!
Bob is not the answer!
And neither is anything else!
Bob!
Screw Bob!
What does he know?
Don't believe anything Bob knows you!
Blasphemy!
He's the best of the undone, Bob!
That's right!
Bob is a loser!
Bob is the offer on my slack!
Bob is a big boy!
Bob is a big boy!
Bob just takes it all for himself!
He gets all the women!
He gets all the rock!
He gets all the slack!
Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!

Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Bob is a conspiracy patsy!
Bob faked his own crucifixion
so he could be resurrected
and become your personal savior!
Bob is in the back of his limo right now
getting ahead from your girlfriend!
Grab your favorite doll,
come and whack his head off!
Whack it!
And place it in the trophy case
right next to the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer!
That's right Bob!
He's a sinner just like you!
The second coming to Bob will be a slaughter!
With the Bob's problem,
they are Bob!
Bob's got bleeding the fuck!
Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!

Forgive me Bob!
Oh Bob!
I have sinned against you!
I was possessed by the anti-Bob!
Please forgive me!
Please!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
If they would love him,
much to do buddy,
we would never have any problems.
Kirby will be are our friend,
and he tries to save us in the fall!
Oh he will.
Let's all have a little more to say to Ben!
The one who stronger!
The flying license player!
He's the best!
Yes he is!
here again any other stories take some samples yeah i used to be king of the right hand man
that was before your time
yes before our slaughter oh it's time for rocket away and that's just what we're doing as we near
the station and now we'll be talking with the mother module for a few minutes and as they say
doing the buffo and then perhaps returning to the street to wake up harmless tree people with
the falls and laughter and the rich human neither shall we flinch nor shall we falter
our sincerest laughter with some pain is fraught
bob will be right back the hell he will
we have him out here tied to the sisyphean wheel of syphilis
and domestic social change the sound you hear is a rabbit baboon attempting to escape from
his enclosure sooner or later he will get out and this show will take a radical change
uh
solidified

come on
I love you.
Out of my visa, she's so divine
Helps me stealing pop caps, waste all the time
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Primer, Picarucha, Chevy 39
Going to El Monte, you believe the stadium
Think of my visa, she's so divine
Helps me stealing pop caps, waste all the time
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Won't you please hear my plea
Primer, Picarucha, Chevy 39
Going to El Monte, you believe the stadium
Think of my visa, she's so divine
Helps me stealing pop caps, waste all the time
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Primer, Picarucha, Chevy 39
Going to El Monte, you believe the stadium
Think of my visa, she's so divine
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Primer, Picarucha, Chevy 39
Going to El Monte, you believe the stadium
Think of my visa, she's so divine
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
My trip of fools is ready for her
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
Frozen eyes, all the way from back
Okay, well, here lately, we haven't heard all that much, really, have we?
Kings of Feedback, Kill Bob, if you want to contact those fine fellows.
One six one seven, Lick OBE, just find those on your telephone.
Let's see, five, four, two, hmm.
And then a little bit of KPFA, Dr. Howell and Puzzev doing the Bufo.
And then just then some mothers and their dogs, breath.
We got some mail from David Koresh last week.
Bet you didn't.
Right here.
David Koresh, return address, mail drop 66623, witness protection plan, Washington, D.C.
And we got, there's a couple of...
Yeah.
Letters in here, one of which is just a copy of one he sent to someone else.
They're only identified by their first name, but I think I know who it is.
I don't know.
I'll probably read both of them, but let me just read this first one.
Let's see.
Dear Janet, look at that.
Dear Janet, writes Dave Koresh, dear Janet, I am calm and serene because I have Jesus
in my heart.
He died for my sins and for yours, Janet.
The earthlings nailed him to an anvil.
Oh!
One of you should look for my safety.

He was dumb.
amount of passive vomit and love had raised an age-old March in black.
So much so that the parameters of r slack and then black sixty creating more of the
same numbers add up.
That's what it is about, I believe.

I'd rather be my own lady.
Why don't come home tonight, leaving me alone tonight?
Oh, improve my memory?
Why think about those boys and girls over me, Janet?

God sent Earth a humble, celibate, pacifist holy man.
The government killed him.
It is clear what this planet wants, saith the Lord, so now you got me,
an obnoxious a-hole who likes little girls and machine guns. Deal with it.
Anyway, one of my disciples just got his Class 3 FFL yesterday,
and as a lawyer, you must know that there is no federal jurisdiction over age of consent.
These so-called jokes that, if you want to pick up one of Dave's girlfriends,
friends you'd better have a dustbuster, sicken me, as they are intended to do, I guess.
Surely even your own warped psychology does not accuse them of wrongdoing.
Why persist in this dangerous game of chicken by implying that you'd be willing to kill people I love just to get at me?
Even the five families never did that.
Go home, Janet. Take Higgins and the Bureau of A-holes, Turkeys, and F-ups with you.
ATF. Read the Bible. Read the Constitution. Read Lolita.
The joke's on you, Janet.
You can do it.
You can't kill us, even if you burn the ranch to the ground with fission, fusion, fission, or fams.
Sentence never dies.
God bless you. Leave us alone.
Signed, your brother in Christ, Dave Koresh.
Speaking of Christ, uh, Christ, you know, just between you and me,
this subgenius stuff's just not really working out right now.
Uh, financially, you know, it's, uh, we're, we're,
we're utterly, utterly broke. It's, it's pathetic.
Didn't do all that hot on the pledge drive last week, uh, either.
So, you know, we're, we're floundering, and we're searching also.
So, part of tonight's show is going to be, uh, some experiments, perhaps,
and looking for maybe something that might bring in some bucks since, you know, you don't seem to love Bob enough.
Maybe you'll like some of this other stuff we have planned tonight.
So, bear with us and let us know which of this is more to your liking.
This, this one, this one might work. Stay tuned. Thanks.
I'd like to pass on
the feeling of great joy I found in Ack and Carr
for those who have ears too.
Here.
For I too have had
A longing deep inside
Never knowing where to hide
For one day up, the next day down
No longer am I tied to this earth round
Its troubles or woe
I have no fear of death no more
Since on the path of
Ack
I've been led
Greater is he that
Ruleth his own spirit
Than taketh a city for inward rulership
Is the mastery of the masters
This too can be yours
For those at the grassroots
And those in doubt
Who just don't understand
Let your ears hear these few words
Give me a word
And I'll give you a signal
No thought of where you are
For the master is always with you
For in soul you can be free
And you parents that would allow this filth to be in your home
You ought to be taken out somewhere and horsewhipped
You hear me?
And I mean it, my friend.
Glory!
They're having sex, the sex instruction courses in our public schools.
Of the winter hog.
He can't know his earth let's get me whoa
If you won't recognize him
E Wade

Ya like me
Ci gleam
My back is scale

Your has not gone away
Is stopped
Most all amongst the earth
Touched love
chair somewhere and get mad at the devil and mad at the world and mad at Sam
and realize that we need to do something.
We sit back and let the devil run over us.
Young people, it's a ring of fire.
Let me close.
You say, preacher, way down deep in here, no one knows about it.
I don't say it.
I talk the opposite direction.
A young man wrote a letter the other day that was high on dope and said,
please, mom and dad, please, preacher, please, society, don't listen to what I say.
Don't listen to me when I say I want dope or I want sex or I want to burn or I want to kill, destroy.
Don't listen to me.
I don't know what I'm saying.
Way down deep inside.
I long for that which is pure and holy.
But the devil is making our young people believe today you can't live it.
You can't live it.
It's too hard.
Too hard.
Let me tell you, and I want to burst that balloon.
It's easier to live for God than it is for the devil.
Detroit, Michigan, the other night I watched a girl on television, 14 years old,
infested and infected in brown badol.
They asked her, are you going to quit?
She said no.
Why?
I can't.
I try to.
And the pains start right here.
The pain.
And they spread until I'm climbing the wall.
I'm going to kill my mother for a fix.
If you think that's a good time, you're a fool.
Oh, my friend, I only hope you realize at this prediction what we face in the future.
The days will grow long.
The nights will grow shorter.
And I predict that truly nothing will change because the precepts of America, of God, of home,
mother and honor will stay.
And we will always know within our hearts, no matter what the atheistic cry from the
hilltops may be, that prayer changes things.
I'd like to pass on
The feeling of returning from the neck and cargo
For those who have is to hear
For we to have had
For all for real
The year we make off As we roll back in time

I'm never knowing where to hide
For one day up, the next day down
No longer are we tied to this earth world
This trouble's a war
It's on the path of air
Greater is he that willeth his own spirit
And taketh a city for a new ownership
Is the mastery of the masters
This too can be yours
For those at the grassroots
Those in doubt
Who just don't understand
Let your ears hear these few words
Give no thought of where you are
For the master is always with you
For in this world
You can be free
You can be free
And now, Crosley Bendix,
Cultural Reviewer and Director of Stylistic Premonitions
for the Universal Media Network.
With today's Arts Review.
Today's discussion revolves, nay, spins
around the subject of technology and the arts.
Watch that voice.
The modern artist.
I'm having some problem here with the...
The...
The...
The...
The...


The...
The modern artist is indeed in a unique position
relative to the history of art.
The development of technical techniques based on...
The...
The...
The...
The...











To express the essence of our age...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
Essence of our age.
An age of complex specialization
and the rapid obsolescence of...
The impulse will always crash toward the magnet of curiosity.
Development of a new silicon-controlled rectifier
may be more interesting than the invention of a new color.
I've lost my place here. There seems to be some problem with the...
There. That should make sense.
To collaborate with technicians produces a new...
Modern artist is highly educated and is no longer intimidated by technological processes...
...but is still an expert in the field of digital technology.
Hey. There. I'm back. I'm back. Excuse me.
Embracing a hardware approach to creation...
Oh for heaven's sake. What?
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
I find it difficult to keep my...
Not now...
Interacting with electrical processes in particular creates new forms of startling...
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Is that...
Is that...
Correct here? Correct?
No.


I don't know if you're paying attention.


I'm trying to get back on track.
Uh, the new appeal by the technology for artists is undoubtedly...
I have that a little high there.
Unλαodably based...
on a fascination with the implications,
or rather the implied mystique of immortality.
The faith in process.
As new materials and techniques emerge from scientific discoveries,
the artist equally embraces...
I think I went over that, didn't I, before?
We'll try this.
Ah, that sounds better.
Ah, let's see, where was I?
Ah, recent electrocutions notwithstanding...
All new directions are open.
Now watch this.
Why am I only...
Ah, that's better.
All new directions are opened up by unsuspecting scientists...
Ah, that sounds better.
...held out in abstract alphabets of tools and wires.
Color... color coding.
Color coding.
Color coding.
Color coding is perhaps the most misunderstood.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!




Ah!




Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh...
Ah!
H의hg!
These new means of production mean that
an artist must now carry the manual of poorly translated instructions.
H의hg!
Hıhg!
Hıhg!
Hıhg!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
I'm going to have to go out and watch.
I'm going to have to go out and watch.
Produces a dialogue of informed static.
Produces a dialogue of informed static.
If, if, if, if we, the affidavit followers of the artistic process,
are to absorb these new techniques into our aesthetic vocabulary,
we are to absorb these new techniques into our aesthetic vocabulary.
We are to absorb these new techniques into our aesthetic vocabulary.
Jumping the gap of scientific uncertainty
to push our senses into the new test tubes of consciousness.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You've been listening to cultural reviewer and social critic,
Crosley Bendix.
Yes, you have now.
On the whole, these people are acting in good faith.
In good faith and in the public interest.
That's right.
And now I'd like to read the other piece of mail we received from Mr. Koresh.
But first...
First epistle to the Hebrews.
Greetings in Jesus' name.
The other day, a little boy from our compound here at Mount Carmel
was talking to one of his Jewish friends about how Christ was crucified for our sins.
Upon learning that Jesus himself was a Jew,
his friend's eyes widened,
he was stunned and surprised and he exclaimed,
well, where the F was Mossad?
Dropkick me, Jesus, through the ring,
singularity of the charged and rotating black hole.
It is clear that we have made it safely across the event horizon,
and only a matter of time before we trans-sit that
glorious infinitive matter-squisher into the heavenly universe
as minus infinity becomes positive infinity at one to zero.
I've thought much about what our fat friend said
when he was out at our ranch with that Pamela woman,
and these are my thoughts.
Maybe we have Nazi skinheads,
not because we have failed to teach the evils of Hitler,
but because we have succeeded.
Think for a moment about the word evil itself.
First notice that it's live spelled backwards,
which is maybe unfortunate.
Also think for a moment about what rough synonyms come to mind
when you think of evil.
My mind comes up with dark forces, mysterious powers, forbidden knowledge,
okay, usually an adjective followed by a noun.
What are the nouns?
Force, power, knowledge,
all words which are normally thought of as good or desirable things.
What are the adjectives?
Dark, mysterious, evil.
Serious, and forbidden.
All of which have a certain tang of naughtiness about them,
which will obviously prove attractive to a certain subset of the population
who are, or at least who consider themselves to be,
rebels of one sort or another.
The word and concept of stupid has none of these problems.
Almost everybody, young or old,
from communist to fascist to capitalist to rabbi to atheist,
agrees that being stupid is a bad thing,
obviously not to be emulated.
As you know, I am not a Jew,
so there is a certain sense in which I can never know about the Holocaust,
the way you can,
just as a man born blind can never know the color red the way we can.
And I'm going to say something which you may find horrible, shocking, and frightening.
You are, however, going to have to acknowledge that it is true,
and you may find that it is heuristically useful in preventing anti-Semitism,
both in word and deed.
So I will say it.
If Hitler wasn't absolutely effing stupid,
he'd have deferred the Holocaust until after he'd won the war.
If you're willing to abandon morality,
to arouse the hatred of millions,
and to ignore long-term consequences,
all of which Hitler was,
then slavery can be extremely useful in the short run,
especially when it involves some of the best and brightest people in your country.
Sorry, but there's no better way to put it.
Anybody who kills a useful slave for no reason,
and in the middle of a war yet,
is obviously evil,
but is also incredibly effing stupid.
Moreover, Hitler must have been either,
one, unaware of what Einstein and his fellows were capable of,
or two, aware but willing to terrify them into emigrating.
Either way, incredibly effing stupid.
We may speak of the horrible, monstrous evil of someone
who would put six million innocents to death for political purposes,
and for us that may be a sufficiently damning indictment,
but there are some who might secretly, infinitesimally,
admire a maniac whose vision permits him to lightly take countless lives in achieving it.
But they will not admire a man who lost a war because he was stupid.
So we return again to the topic of transfer functions,
the best argument for convincing someone you may very well not be the best argument
for convincing someone else.
Read that again.
The best argument for convincing you may very well not be the best argument
for convincing someone else.
This does not mean that you should speak false things,
only that you should carefully choose which true things to say.
Your brother in Christ, David Koresh.
Koresh always a favorite here at the Hour of Slack, as you can tell.
And now, on a lighter note, I hope,
you'll be able to see the next episode of the show.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon, everybody.
This is station W.O.R.D.,
broadcasting from the great stadium of life.
We have for you a play-by-play description of the greatest
and most important of all gridiron classics,
the game of life.
Our game here will be underway in just a few moments.
And while we await the opening whistle,
we'd like to point out some interesting sidelights
surrounding this momentous occasion.
The weather is ideal in the stadium,
even though it really makes little difference,
since a game as important as this one must be played
regardless of conditions.
There's a tremendous crowd on hand today.
The stands are literally packed with a great cloud of witnesses,
as the writer of Hebrews points out.
Down on the field, we can see that both teams are completing
the pregame workouts.
To our right are the players representing Christianity.
And this Christian team,
by the way, has the finest of all coaches.
Noted for his unerring wisdom,
this great mentor, Jesus Christ,
is the model of perfection in the coaching realm.
However, as we look down to our left,
we see another great squad and a very cunning and clever coach.
This is the team coached by Satan,
the forces of evil.
And believe you me, Satan and his men will be tough to handle.
There's a great wave of anticipation and expectancy
in the crowd as the two teams prepare for the game.
And as you know, the referee for this game of life
is God himself, the perfect, just, and all-seeing referee.
And the rules of the game, the instructions as to how
it should be played, are found in God's book, the Bible.
The coaches have given their respective players
their last-minute instructions, Jesus Christ telling his players,
go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.
Christ has now come off the field,
and it's all up to the players whom he's just left
with that last-minute instruction.
And the last-minute challenge ringing in their ears.
The outcome of this spectacle is all the more important
to these alumni who are here because of the fact that
the entire hope of Christianity in this, the game of life,
depends upon the ball-carrying ability of average Christian.
This places a heavy responsibility on average Christian,
and that's the reason the eyes of the crowd
will be upon him today.
Both teams are lined up now for the opening kickoff.
The goals of the two teams are exactly opposite,
that of Christianity being the goal of heaven,
while the forces of evil will head toward their goal, hell.
And now it's going to be Satan's team kicking off to Christianity.
And there's the referee's whistle as the game is underway.
It's criticism kicking a high end-over-end kick.
It's taken on the goal line by average Christian.
He starts up the field as forces of evil players move in on him.
He appears a bit uncertain, but he gets across the 15.
Now he cuts to his right and picks up some interference.
It's prayer and humility.
Average Christian is still going up the far sideline,
past the 30 with prayer and humility out in front, clearing the way.
There's one of Satan's men trying to get in.
He's trying to crash through.
And average Christian sidesteps beautifully at the 40,
getting away from temptation.
Now he runs with added confidence.
He crosses the midfield stripe and makes his way toward this side of the field.
But he left his interference on the other side.
And now he's by himself down to the 45.
He sidesteps nicely, getting away from hypocrisy,
and goes to the 43, doing a nice job in the broken field.
But there's a player coming up from behind.
He's gaining.
He dives and makes the tackle beautifully at the 40-yard line
in forces of evil territory.
Average Christian appeared confident that he was on his way to score.
But temptation sneaked in for the tackle.
And over on the far sidelines, we can see Satan pacing up and down the sidelines,
getting reserves ready for action.
Here's Christianity back to the line of scrimmage.
And the ball is snapped this time to Average Christian,
who drives off his own right tackle, finds a hole,
and blasts through to the 32
before the big opposing lineman, Procrastination, brings him to the ground.
The tackle who opened that hole for Average Christian
was the very capable and important lineman, Church Attendance.
He had a hole there big enough to drive the proverbial truck through.
And Average Christian drove through nicely
until hit hard by Procrastination in the opponent's secondary.
Second down two now as Christianity is out of the huddle once again.
The forces of evil set up their defense.
And here's the play.
It's Average Christian trying the middle of the line.
He stopped cold after a pickup of about a yard.
It was carelessness on the tackle
as good intentions failed to open a hole
in the line.
In fact, good intentions was in the way himself on that one.
Well, it's third down and a yard,
and the Christianity team is calling for a timeout.
Just what Christianity will do to stop Procrastination,
hypocrisy, temptation, and the other forces of evil remains to be seen.
We've noted in observing some of the onlookers
that there are several famous and successful veterans
of this big game in the stands today.
They are famous alumni who are on hand to pull
the ball to the right of the line.
They are the most popular men trying to follow in their footsteps.
Among them are such notables as Moses, Gideon, Peter, Paul,
and many, many others.
It's time to go back to play now at the Stadium of Life.
Christianity out of the huddle and up to the line of scrimmage.
And here's the pass from center.
Again it goes to Average Christian.
Average Christian is coming around his own left end
looking for a chance to cut downfield.
Now he's getting some interference and makes his cut.
It's prayer out there again.
And there's Faith throwing a beautiful block
and Faithfulness comes in to add interference to the 25
as Average Christian running nicely cuts to his right
leaving his interference.
He's to the 23 by himself heading goalward.
But a couple of tacklers are trying desperately
to catch him from behind as he gets across the 20.
He'll have to hurry and he's hit and follows the ball
at the 15-yard line.
And the ball is recovered by forces of evil.
And Average Christian fans is hurt on the play.
He doesn't get up.
Average Christian remains on the ground.

This boy Temptation can certainly get in on plays
when least expected.
He and Little Sins just came from out of nowhere
to bring about the downfall of Average Christian.
And now the coach for Christianity, Jesus Christ,
has come onto the field and is talking to his ball carrier,
Average Christian.
Let's take a look.
And it looks like Average Christian,
Average Christian is going to stay in the ball game.
Let's pick up the band music on the far side of the field.
The preacher got up.
Man, he's a loser.
He looked like good golly and had a northern accent
and he couldn't talk right.
And he cut through.
Nothing serious.
Man, I've been to church.
People act like they had sense.
This guy gets up and on and on and on.
But, man, I could tell you word for word everything he said.
And I thought he was really cute.
And he had this dark suit on and this slick back hairdo
and this northern accent.
And he was talking so fast that I didn't want to listen,
but I had to listen because I didn't want to miss anything.
It was so unique.
I'd never heard anybody with an approach like this.
He went on like this, you know, like this.
Hey!
Hey!
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Let's try to catch up here, shall we?
Whee! Back there.
Shri Darwin Gross singing about
Ekinhar and
the Master.
The Master
likes you.
I'm sorry, I must work on my Torgo, but not in public.
Swaggart.
Swaggart has the one constant in the universe.
When does the statute of limitations on kicking that man kick in?
Never, I hope.
And then Criswell Predicted.
Who's playing him in the Ed Wood movie?
That's what I want to know.
And then Mort Eckenhar.
I'll keep playing that and playing it.

Crosley Bendix.
Speaking on the subject of technology, courtesy of Negative Land.
That's pretty.
Koresh.
A little epistle I was reading.
The Game of Life.
Now the liner notes say that was done by a guy named...
The liner notes of this tape, I should say, say it was done by a guy named Gerald McCracken.
I happen to know that was actually done by a guy named Phil McCracken.
That's it.
Total, total mistake.
And according to the liner notes, apparently,
forces of evil won the game by default after average Christian tested positive for steroids in a post-game screening.
I guess that's it.
Apart from telling you that if you have any questions about anything...
I'm usually trying to narrow that down, but I mean anything.
Write to Post Office Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
75214.
For those of you who hear that every week and never write it down.
Post Office Box 140306.
Right here in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
I've been your host tonight.
The Will of Dobbs.
Thanks very much for listening.
We really appreciate it.
People in Dallas, please send your pledges in.
And be here at this time next week.
Next week.
Next week.
Next week.



The show will be over.
So be here an hour sooner than this next week.
And we'll have for you another subgenius hour of slack.
And I've got time to give that address one more time.
Post Office Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
Just send a self-address stamped on below.
You'll get a lot, but you'll get more if you, you know, send something else.
Thanks a lot.
Stay tuned for that which must follow.
Bye-bye.
And we'll see you next week.







our
10
commitment
Dempru
room
arm



had

days
think I'm
winning
Hog in the synagogue, oink, oink, oink
Pork in the synagogue, smock, smock, smock
Ain't supposed to eat no bacon
Loving in the church house, hee, hee, hee
Laughing in the church house, haw, haw, haw
Dancing in the church house, I don't see dough
Ain't supposed to get no hee, hee, hee
We don't smoke dough, we don't smoke dough
How do we cope, how do we cope
Well, we don't eat meat and we don't drink booze
We don't make out in the church house pews
We don't laugh and dance and we pay our dues
And we don't smoke dough, just say no
It ain't me, it ain't me
I ain't no Santa, so
If you have taken the green acid, you have just been poisoned
You've stripped the record
I drift into the sewers
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
Which reaches from the inner mind to
The subgenius
Power of what?
You ask me
What to say
With our eyes and our antenna
Hoo hoo, hoo hoo, hoo hoo, hoo hoo
What to say
With our mouths and our nostrils
Hoo hoo, hoo hoo, hoo ha ha
Over the river and through the woods
And off the edge of the world
There are black flickerings at the corner of my eye
Of that I have no idea
Of no doubt
Just when I turn my head in hopes of getting a really good look at them
That are gone
I pretended that I did not notice them
And started reciting the Lord's Prayer under my breath
They hate that
And they usually don't hang around to hear me finish
I went home on the bus contemplating my next move
I hate city buses
I hate the smelly old women with their faded shifts
Hairy dwarfs with glassy lips
Freaking clowns with handles of ancient shopping bags
They're looking because of my hair and clothes
They're looking because of my hair and clothes They're looking because of my hair and clothes
With a complexion like an�che
They're too found
You?
Why you licking my 최
There are no formalities

But I'm just like a Feels

No slack on this shame
Heh heh heh heh
Nay, nay, nay.
No slack at all.
And then Hal's going to do that thing about getting in the glass coffin and the cement collapses.
Yeah, that's one of my most celebrated escapes from reality.
That's really neat.
I, a godzillion times, I have wondered why I ever braved the ice of the Chattachoochee River
as the giant sauromorph clumped up to the ice.
Down, boy. Down. Downwind, boy.
What does it all mean, folks? What does it all mean?
If we could give you an accounting of that, I think you'd be with us in spirit and in mind.
And a healthy body, too.
You have all that news there that's in the file.
Feel free to dive into the deep pile of that carpet and experience that bowl of cranberry sauce,
which is the birthright of every American.
And it may give you small comfort to play this album when we have snow in California
and snow in Florida and, of course, torrential rains in New York, Birmingham, Erie, Chicago, Detroit,
and even Minneapolis and Wichita.
We will all suffer, for we are under the hand of the violence of Mother Nature.
And in closing, I would like to say,
oh, my friend, when all else is lost, remember the wonderful future still remains.
Now, when you see me on the street, come up and speak to me,
for that is the only way that you and I can ever win our war against our loneliness.
I'll be lonely without you.
And may all your shattered dreams be mended by morning.
And may success...
overtake you...
overnight.
Good night, my dearest friend.
And God bless you.
