Remember, we're sitting together listening to this, and this was R MON 부부부� polity tenga
Remember, we're sitting together listening to this, and this was R MON 부부부부� 커다
Hey, Bob oh would you like a file, I'm so sorry to make you wait
Yes, sir. I love Bob. No, sir.
No, sir. I do not want to stop Bob.
I just want to give my feast to the thousands.
Yes, deep fried as it is.
They brought out the best in Bob's fish
and laid it upon the other water and fowl and little stinky things.
And everybody saw and everybody ate
and it was kind of nice for all those people.
Dear Bob who floats above the ground,
I long to hear the mournful sound
that's made when you emerge from space
and come to this, my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night while I'm asleep,
I hope to my house you will creep
and poke your pipe in through the wall
so I'll be burned remembering all.
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now.
It's no surprise if I should be found dead someday.
I'll think that you were in the way.
Ooh.
Gimme Bob.
Confusing that face
with my own.
Can't remember my place.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to
the subgenius power of SWAT.
Bob's role on this planet is to see that the Earth is not sold
on that glorious or terrible day we call X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah, now it may sound ludicrous.
It may sound ridiculous to men and believers out there.
Sir, are you saying they're all nuts, all those people?
Maybe, yeah, maybe.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbund.
Yes.
There's evil on Planet X.
There's more than you could think of.
Evil stalks them.
Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
Do they come down in flying saucers?
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
And the lights were fading.
And they still are.
Doctors, one by one.
Today.
This is the Man in Black, here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
For centuries we have been circling your Earth, waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere.
I am the first to come to you.
With death and destruction?
Go ahead and kill me.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created?
When this society we've created?
Air conditions.
A station wagon with wooden sides.
A station wagon with wooden sides.
A cautious, indeed.
A retired actor.
Orange hail.
A common politician.
Orange hail.
What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
That's when the man from Planet X-9.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control.
By activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
You don't like your life?
Straighten it out in a big hurry!
Give your money to the church, not the state!
The church!
Yes!
Give us your children!
Give us your children!
Let us raise them!
You'll have weirder kids than me!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
What are you?
That's odd.
Very odd.
Meltdown.
And this can happen to you!
This can be yours!
Uh, yes dear friends, it can happen to you, it can be yours, and it will be yours on X-Day 1998.
Only two years from now, and of course dear friends, this is our, uh, X-Day 1998.
It's a show, it's, uh, July.
By the time you hear this tape, I will probably be at the X-Day drill!
And, uh, drilling my way deep into my own brain in preparation for the arrival of those, uh, gods and goddesses from outer space.
Who will come, uh, in 1998, July 5th, 1998.
You know the story, friends, and if you don't, well, just keep listening.
Because we're gonna have...
Every tiny media barrage clip that ever had anything to do with X-Day for this show and the next one.
I apologize for the last show.
Uh, but, uh, and, uh...
But, you know, as Dr. Legume pointed out in the first edition of the Book of the Subgenius, the McGraw-Hill Orange cover edition,
it, uh, there was a, a misprint, uh, that seemed, uh, obviously a mistake that at one point made it look like X-Day would happen in...
1996.
Well, what if that wasn't a misprint?
What if you're not ready, friend?
What if you're still putting off that mighty moment when you write that mighty check?
What if?
These are all important what-ifs, friends.
And, you know, that movie is coming out, Independence Day.
God, their ploys are so obvious.
So filthy and so obvious that...
What?
I... God.
You know, the pieces are all coming together for the one-world government.
We, we, we can tell...
You can see the story behind the rise of Bill... Clinton.
Bill Soft-On-Kitty-Porn Clinton, I should call him.
And his little clique rising to the American throne.
Yes, it was through the diabolical backroom machinations of Dobbs that all of these things have come about.
Thou art but an insignificant insect.
And you'd better speak to the manager, boy.
Because that day is coming.
That day is coming up and, well, I'm gonna...
I ain't...
I ain't...
I'm just gonna let these tapes carry you on through, friend.
Because it's...
This is the biggest celebration of the subgenius year.
And, uh...
I hope that...
I hope that you're readying yourself just as we are.
I...
I'm sorry if you can't make it to the X-Day drill in Sherman, New York.
Uh...
I'm sorry.



And while you're hearing this show, I really am.
Um...
But, in the meantime, you may commune, yes?
You may commune now with the spirit of Dobbs and the promise of X-Day.
Awwww, yes.
Angels flash through the heavenlies.
You know, Ezekiel...
Saw a wheel.
But what a lot of us do not realize is that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel, verse 4, the angels
traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead.
Whirlwind!
They move from one end of heaven to the other like a flash of lightning, verse 14.
And verse 15 says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into spaceships?
Now that are heaved out there?
The only thing that can withstand the heat?
Other things would disintegrate?
Burl-illium.
It's like some kind of...
Some kind of vision like I've never seen before.
It was like a wagon wheel coming out of the sky.
And I was sitting on the porch with Aunt May.
She said, what is it, boy?
What is it?
And I said, I don't know, ma'am.
I swear to God, I don't know.
But I just said, praise Bob.
And...
And...
You know, when...
If Bob...
If Bob says something that...
Wall climbing.
Wall...
What is it?
Wall climbing.
Is it...
Wall climbing.
Well, I was wall climbing.
I was wall climbing.
And that's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
Yeah.
I...
I get...
I get...
I get...
Real scared, Bob.
Because...
Because...
You'd Life Drugs and uh...
I haven't only seen...
I never...
I been...
You ain't never have.
You can never die.
But when did you saw the...
W بهания conventions like they were called?
Well, I haven't yet.
Which means we've never seen the w
W게z and complicidades.
That's...
That's a good question.
You always talk about women crowning or being being priests.

I've seen, I wait in school.
I've seen them...




and laughing and all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from a space probe,
a message from a dying planet in Eta.
Yeah, the little green men's day was real head-cats
Rockin' and a-rollin' through the crazy flats
Brought out the sax and they started to flow
Brought out the drums and they started to roll
That's awesome, rock and roll
That's awesome, rock and roll
I couldn't understand it, a thing they'd said
It was a crazy beat, it just stopped me dead
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack, and a conspiracy of pinks,
the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998,
when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will unleash their wrath
upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand
that there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues-paying, book-buying, receipt-in-the-pocket, paid in full to the church subgenii,
have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them?
It's a tough world, Jack.
The fightin' Jesus looked out over the bridge of the Exist Battle Saucer, Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dustmote 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus's flagship, dozens of killer theologians, the Shock Priests,
were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications between the ritual crew
and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed in the ship and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet, Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dustmote painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation.
The salvation of their souls.
As if they had any souls to save.
As if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it, that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here.
And now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fists.
Through the boxing gloves.
The whole of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on Earth.
And on all tangible destruction spectrums.
All in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons.
The dark bodies.
And at time and a half too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate, Codices.
A holographic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale.
Quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead.
But whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe.
Even here, near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know, Jimbo, said Jesus, the best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs do.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure with the social programming research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intense.
It was intended to deflect the rotation of the Earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spitting off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous, but it's theoretically possible.
Yeah, we're safe now, for the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose on other planets.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
Hello, I'm a Martian.
I hope I speak your language.
This is a recording.
What?
Take me to your leader.
Take me to your leader.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals who were not aware of the existence of these objects.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The The
The The The The The The
and put into the studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head
and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console pushing the buttons
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me
and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know, do you want to be in the church or out of the church?
And where's your wallet?
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up, but it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room
and plugged all those wires into me
and made me talk and talk and talk and talk and talk.
Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your opinion?
Objective.
You are not ready.
But we will still save you.
In your quest to save the city, you will send up more satellites.
And we will be there.
Waiting to come again.
I'll be right here.
And we'll be sending that little almond-eyed gray humanoid around to your door.
To collect those organs.
So...
Snappy.
He'll be in the cute little uniform, so don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear in the dead of night
as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper.
They're your friends.
They want to teach humanity
and lead us into a new age of enlightenment
under their gray jackboot.
Whisper.




Whisper.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison
with little aliens standing around outside the vat
wrapping, tying napkins around their necks
and sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad because you've just fell into the hands of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa!
Oh, they're not like the thing.
That was a cuddly little Benji of an alien compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves among monsters
compared to what we're talking about.
That is in the box.
What we're talking about is more like what's growing in your refrigerator right now.
That's what it looks more like.
That is in the box.
And the effect is it turns you into the alien.
But man, take my word for it.
It's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool.
You'll love it.
It's for your own good.
It's for your own good.
What's the matter?
Are you afraid?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man.
Everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien and collect the dew that builds up on the side of its neck like appendage.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize your head.
Okay?
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener that I'd have to explain that to.
Now are you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah, I think they know just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first and good.
I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the hillside with your bat call and blow into the bat call.
Don't try to...
It's not like a moose call or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
I don't think I can hear it.
Yeah, but it's super...
This is superfluous cock.
I give it a name.
And just make sure...
Make sure you've got your antidote pudding ready for when that bat lands on your face.
You're gonna have to use that pudding mighty quick.
That's awesome, my boy.
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Oh, okay.
Come on, everybody's doing it.
I ain't never gonna do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible to peer group pressure?
I mean...
I'm too old for it.
What are you, some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
No, no, no.
Good, then you'll take this little alien home and...
I am a weirdo.
Hey, stop rubbing your...
I'm just being the game.
I don't think there's a reason for her to be confused.
There's something you find when you open the door.
You take these keys, and one of the keys says,
Barbwining.
You stick it in the lock, and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky, the green carpet rolls out.
And if you're not...
The red carpet rolls out.
He was communicating with them.
What do you think?
I think Rockefeller was crazy that night.
He got away with the money.
And then...
How can we stop them?
We can stop them by stopping the pink boys.
If we stop the pink boys, we can stop them murdering, and they're killing, and they're
stealing, and they're persifying us.
But it's so difficult.
Yeah.
Oh, Jerry, don't let the boy out of the house.
Be brave.
Be brave.
Oh, always be brave.
Because the women saves us.
Greetings to you, Earthlings.
I am Princess Dragomon.
I have taken over this planet.
Now I own the Earth, and you'll be my slaves for all eternity.
The disasters you experienced are just small examples of our great power.
Either surrender to me, or I'll destroy all humans.
I'm not going to let you go.










I've spoken.
It's all a warning you're going to get from me.
You'll be destroyed.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotion.
Another and worse war will break out.
When you see a night with a strange light in the sky, you will know it is a sign that
the world is about to be punished for its crime.
By 1998...
By 1998?
By 1998, every normal, mediocritan, pink boy, admin, Trekkie, and hippie is going
to be trying to get on board with the good ship dogs.
The great ship dogs.
The good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
Or...
Or is it just another of those prognostications which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand, but for
the fact that many of Nostradamus's other prophecies have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and fallout.
Well, I'm going to let them through.
Stop no one with their weapons.
Just now we heard they figured the
Amplified



that
the
Da pla
filled
the
all the cities that get the hour of slack are in different time continuum.
But here in Dallas, yesterday was July 4th, the day before real Independence Day.
You see, for subgeniuses, July 4th is like the day of disappointment and shattered dreams.
It's a day of lies and rushes to judgment of drunken pinks and car crashes
and depressing desert storm parades.
And we mope around and think about things like Wounded Knee and JFK and assassination
and the Spanish-American War and Vietnam and Iran-Contras and Watergate and so on.
But dear friends, dear friends, July 5th, July 5th, that is a day.
A day of hope and promise for the subgeniuses.
Yes, friends, the day with the true America, the Bob's America,
the America of our Masonic subgenius, patriot forefathers and foremoms and foreslaves.
Today, July 5th, in Dallas anyway, is the first day of the end of the world.
The end of their world, dear friends.
Because it's the first day before the beginning of our world, our subgenius planet.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
It makes me feel so good, so good to have a subgenius holiday.
We need more subgenius holidays.
Of course, every day is Bob's birthday, but, you know, that gets unrealistic after a while.
And so we call, well, July 4th, what the pinks call their independence.
Independence Day.
We call July 4th X Day Eve.
And X Day Night, of course, we call X Day Eve.
Sort of like Halloween.
But X Day is our independence day.
Not July 4th, not Juneteenth, but Xistmas.
Xistmas, dear friends.
And, you know, the night before Xistmas, the whole family, the subgenius fully extended nuclear family,
goes out and watches.
Fireworks or else illegally sets them off in their backyard.
And then everyone, the kids and everyone go in and watch Freddy Krueger Nightmare on Elm Street videos
around the fireplace.
And the kids are tucked in, of course, about 1 o'clock in the morning.
And the grown-ups stay up all night frobbing and frobbing and dooning and gleaning
and doing X Day chants about how the time is not.
And the kids are up all night.
And the kids are up all night.
And songs, you know, X Day holiday songs like Take Me Off to Space, which we'll be playing soon.
And on X Day morning, of course, well, the grown-ups have been up all night.
But the kids get up real early because on X Day, the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
And just before 7 o'clock, all the grown-ups and everybody sit outdoors on their easy chairs like I did this morning with beers.
Or whatever in their hands.
And they do a countdown up till 7 a.m.
And then since it's not really X Day yet, they meditate, friends, on what it's going to be like
when those men from Planet X come down and destroy the normal people on this planet
and take the weird abnormals and eccentrics and those of us who have to live in disguise as a human
and lift us up, up and away into the escaped vessels of the sex goddesses.
And that's what our religion is.
It's all about.
But, you know, anyway, on X Day, after thinking about all that, we sing hymns more about how the humans are all going to die.
And then there's some rock and roll and dancing and so forth.
And then everybody goes to bed, usually fairly early in the day, because you have to sleep.
I've been up all night on X Day Eve.
And they need to have energy for X Dayeen.
It's on our heart.
X Dayeen, when...
The night of X-mas, when everybody dresses up in costumes.
Dress up like angels or devils or God or Jesus or Bob or even Negi.
And, of course, you can get those Bob and Negi masks from your favorite subgenius vendors at Fractant Company.
As seen in your Sartfest.
Ah, yes. Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Shalakandala Dabasoya.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
You have to go?
The X-mas will descend with some scientifically magic.
There'll be stalls of technology that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the hangovers will disappear, along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on living machinery so complex that those that is peaceful.
The end result will be equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy world government, must be there in a position of world leadership.
To explain humanity's behavior to the X's in ways they can understand so they don't put us out of our misery with a snap of their cosmic finger like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the X's make into superhuman overmen.
And even then, things will be damn tough for the rest of this period, which is called the time and half time.
The X's have landed.
Earth's under their control.
Bob's vision stands proven.
The city's radioactive pole.
The new homeworlds.
We don't know what their game is.
But their name is unpronounceable.
We don't know what they came for.
But what they aim for is impossible.
Is there not a way?
Is there not a way?
A way to move the future as they have?
If you have any
So long.
Last official journalism tour, seafaringlah.com.
We hopefully shouldn't doan 12 5 entries a day.
Oh, so a file of journal Got7.
librarian.A.

The 來on.
All of the elephants were experts.
Have landed their machines.
Following our tracks.
Bob's vision stands proven.
A world without slack.
A world without slack.
Some of that is nerd.
And even now I show thee signs in the heaven and signs in the earth.
Blood bilges from the earth.
My lights in the sky rebuke thee.
The children of heaven and the angels from heaven are among thee.
Spreading lies and deception.
They turn not as they go.
But who cares, dear friends?
Who cares?
Because.
Because the end times are coming up.
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world.
And we've been given, Bob has given us to see signs and portents of what will bring this end,
what will trigger the day of judgment.
And what it's going to be, of course, we know when the exodus will, of course, arrive July 5th, 1998,
at 7 o'clock in the morning, all over the world.
But what triggers the end times for the other alien beings, the Yakatizma and so forth,
is this one moment when America becomes so decadent that it no longer deserves to live.
And that sign of the end times, dear friends, is the royal jelly enema.
At a time, 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now, may have already happened.
A time when beggars are crowding the streets and children, poor children are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood will be indulging in the latest heated,
hedonistic health, the crackpot health fad.
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly, the honey fed to queen bees,
which costs $1,000 for enough royal jelly to get the average jaded swinger, you know, off or whatever.
And so at this time when the homeless are selling their babies to procure used, left over,
amber grist and royal jelly enema byproducts,
when a Hollywood star, the moment when a Hollywood star spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets for $200 for half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens that they decide to trash the earth before the exes arrive.
Arrival.
Friends.
It's gonna be a rough time.
And I'm gonna, I'm, this is, this is gonna be an all ex day night, a night of celebrating.
Yes, that time when Bob will come and hose down the streets and clean up this crooked and perverse nation.
So we're gonna hear from Father Joe Mama as he delves on into this as well.
Praise Bob.
Hello friends and welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling pretty smug.
With yourselves.
After all, you're alive.
You're healthy.
Your life's insured.
There's a little money set aside in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds occupied.
You know they say that the golden age is never the present age.
They, they really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere, and what do we see?
Gold.
A golden opportunity.
Well friends, that's just calm before the storm, because tonight's sermon is entitled,
Ex Day 1998, Day of Reckoning.
We all know vaguely what Ex Day is.
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998.
The exes shall land and whisk the good subgenies off to a never-ending pleasure cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the pinks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the a-holes that are left behind?
Well friends, as much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate, the fact is, they'll get exactly what they deserve.
Any real, any real subgenie giving the normal what he deserves is about the cruelest fate a normal could ever receive.
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of the world.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world,
and turned it into an ever-growing bureaucratic governmental monster that feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck-passing, and fill-in-the-blank.
Then, once the creature's rot-filled gut sprues out the digested combination of all the vices before-mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth, what's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course.
And this pile of stinking defecation.
We're supposed to kneel before, and worship, and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays, X-Day 1998.
Dreaded by them, but not by us.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mistakes.
In many serious ways.
Not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens, later to be known as X's, have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
An X's only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us, systematic-like.
Keeping the best and storing us in cages and things.
They haven't begun on us yet. Not begun.
Later he goes on to say,
All those little office workers that used to live in these houses, they'll be no good.
They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running and catching their commuter trains in the morning,
afraid that they'd get panned if they didn't.
Running back at night, afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner.
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yea, and on Sundays, worried about the hereafter.
Well, the X's will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yea, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs,
they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say, finally,
That's not all.
These X's are going to make pets of some of them.
Train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yea, and some maybe, they'll train to hunt us.
Yes, they will.
There's men who will do it gladly.
Well, friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938 on CBS,
it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for a reprieve.
They repented.
They begged forgiveness.
And yet, just a few days later, after Bob Orson Welles in the War of the Worlds broadcast
was described by the conspiracy as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close to getting a second chance and mending their ways, but they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters and for their loyalty,
they were genocidal.
They were famously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet.
Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy.
And like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in a nuclear holocaust and your skin begins to melt,
don't panic.
This is perfectly normal.
Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
Did I say doomed to die?
I should have said lucky to die,
for blessed are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors
who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless excess.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses for the pinks,
but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars, smoking our frock,
unweaving our slack,
and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow.
Because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth will there be a tomorrow,
and then the next day, and then the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end.
And we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed-circuit TV,
because we won't want to miss a single revenge-filled minute.
Praise Bob! Amen.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take needles in my belly, take samples of my skin.
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man.
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special case.
Taught to be an Sic approachant
may change my mind when I follow suit.



Hey, cow mutilators!
Let me join your crew.
Give me a knife in case you've left your life all cut up.
i don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast without a face
so come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Take me off to space, take me off to space Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come down you tiny robots with your little nipper claws You pale and bug-eyed aliens with flat and clammy paws
Life is just a sucker dream and death is a disgrace So come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
They do it their way As the mutants move, that leaps Tibetan Tiger Man
What about this reputed Jesus Starfleet there?
It was supposed to have shown up
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central and have cleared the airlocks into the colony
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild
What a space ovation!
Now let's feel another
And now in celebration of this great occasion we have planned a lunar party
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will join us in celebration of this great day in Earth
And out of space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space

Late that Saturday night before retiring, I took out the snapshot picture of the sailor
And studied it until I could close my eyes and see this man's face as though he was standing in front of me
As far as not having a face
Yeah that's what people say, I pretty much think it's a bunch of shit
I love you
All the flying saucers are my friends cause they're so nice
I'm gonna see them again and again
Is that before or after the bob pills?
Get on the ground
And then we'll have a third sexual organ which cannot even be imagined yet
And human beings in the future will have all 27 sexes that will exist on planet Earth
Which will make it difficult to get laid on a Friday night
Cause we have to go to 27 separate singles bars in order to score an entire union
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, this is Drew Pearson
We bring you this special radio television broadcast in order to give you the very latest information on an amazing phenomenon
The arrival of a space ship in Washington
The rumors of invading armies and mass destruction are based on hysteria and are absolutely false
And you are not alone
And you are not alone
Remember it's true
The UFOs are picking us up
The UFOs are picking us up
The UFOs are picking us up
The part of your soul which is attached to your soul
A $2USD rises up with the smoke
And it is received by our interplanetary exes guardians
And you will be saved
And in some cases we don't want the money
And we throw the money in toilets and flush it down
But our intra-sewer sponge nine inch worms receive the part of your soul which is attached to the money again
And you can be saved by the nine inch worms
You need Bob following you around.
Bob can see through all those Bob hands.
The nine-inch worms are the only force which can encounter the exes maggots
and protect humanity from the exes maggots in 1998.
The exes are going to leave Earth.
Oh, yeah, we'll be completely free to do whatever we want.
They're just going to leave us alone.
But their unmentionable, unnameable, horrible maggots will remain.
We will be dogs to them in more ways than you can ever imagine.
Unless the nine-inch worms are preserved.
No eight-inch worms aren't going to help you.
No ten-inch, ten-and-a-half-inch worms are going to help you.
Oh, yeah, ten-inch worms will show you a good time.
Oh, yeah, ten-inch worms will take you out on the town all night
compared to those nine-inch worms.
You know, people are sitting there going,
Exes, end of the world, 1998.
If they don't buy the book, when 1998 comes
and the world is a nuclear wasteland,
when we're all slaves or ground beef,
they're going to go, oh, I guess these guys weren't kidding.
Yeah, I should have read the stark fist a little more carefully, he said,
while digging through nuclear holocaust,
looking at the third hand growing from his stomach.
Why doesn't it?
Go away.
Ouch.
Heliopters are what brings them.
You can put it in your pipe and smoke it.
Heliopters are, this is a legend that is going to be revealed right now in media for the first time.
Heliopters are these quasi-mechanical, leather-clad, demonic,
they kind of look like helicopters at first glance,
but they are alive and they're employed by a,
I hate to use the term minor deity,
but this guy's name is Gbrogfran.
And he's right up there with Bob, I'm not kidding.
He's right up there with Odin and Arnold Palmer.
If you ever see anything that says,
approve Dr. Gbrogfran, buy it.
And these heliopters are how Dr. Bob equipment has arrived.
And oftentimes there are tons of Bob pills on these heliopters,
these special compartments that were designed for the transport of these sacred anointings.
It was the heliopters that originally brought our minds to Dobbs.
The rattlesnake manure.
By stench of the spirit.
It is like bone to a million slaughtered swine.
And in these times,
thy planet is wreathed in foul vapors of fire.
Hold on a minute.
The conspiracy has put a slight detour in front of us here.
I must change lanes.
But there are other things,
other evil, dark, shadowy forces at work in this solar system of ours,
in this galaxy, in this corner of our universe.
Negi, by imposing his twisted will,
upon the trajectories of Jehovah's neutrinos,
is able to deflect those trajectories.
Feasibility study ended.
Abduction of human race?
Infeasible.
Warning, warning.
Psychics applying the proper slack
have discovered secret Nazi UFO bases in the Antarctic.
The truth that President Truman never told us.
Dobbs Plus is boring.
Boring so.
The hideous super-brow.
They called him Wellman when he was a human.
Before the brow took over.
Before the brow took over.
This is what I did.
I hired deities.
I'll give them seconds until they slow down.
Therefore, there is a god.
End of quote.
I said you're gonna have to get yourself
in discernment here
and be able to discern the spirit of God
from the spirit of Hinduism.
I said people in Haiti, I said,
when the Holy Ghost hits them, they think it's Buddha.
Because Buddha hits them like the Holy Ghost hits them.
People in America think that
when the Holy Ghost hits somebody, it's witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft.
Those people down, they see demonic visions.
And the devil uses them.
Buddhism and witchcraft.
And the powers of the pagan gods.
The powers of the pagan gods produce it.
Lying signs and wonders.
But I want you to know that the pagan gods
and their false religions can do what they're doing in the world.
Bless God, what can we do with a true God?
With a true Christ?
With a true Holy Ghost?
We ought to be able to do more than what they're doing.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
How would God take the scales off your eyes
and open your eyes to behold
that the Lord's coming is at the door
and that all that's happening in the world is getting us ready
for Jesus Christ to dwell in the fullness of God in the saints.
That we will come forth with revelation
and manifestation of the Holy Ghost
revealing Christ to the world
that we will possess in our temples
the very fullness of the Spirit.
That we'll be filled with the Spirit.
We'll be filled with it.
We'll have oil in our lamps burning.
That we will not stop until our lives have been complete.
I don't care.
They can talk about me all over Brownwood and Baines and around here.
Call me anything, but I'm preaching the truth.
They can talk about me and turn on this minister and say this ain't real.
But you let one of them hypocrites come and show where I'm wrong
and take the Bible and prove that this ain't God
and this ain't the Word of God to the people
and I'll leave tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
But I'm not leaving tomorrow.
You say, why?
Because there ain't nobody in the state of Texas
and the state of Alabama, Florida, anywhere else
can take the Word of God and prove this is wrong.
They may lie.
They may accuse.
They may tell all manner of evil.
But they cannot touch this Spirit.
They cannot touch this Word.
This is the Word of the Holy Ghost.
This is God's promise.
This is God's Word.
God's truth to you.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
www.subgenius.org
That's Bob.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
And also see subgenius.com
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Back in Cleveland, I don't know why,
and then my wife, she's...
I don't know why.




She fell down and they've had to pick her up.
Her leg's okay.
And something, you can't get something for nothing.
You know, if it ain't one thing, it's another.
It.
You know what I'm talking about.
It.
If it ain't one thing, it is gonna be another.
It may be coming back on that opposite reality chain.
You know, the one coming back the other way?
It's like a big ape.
It's like a big ape.
If it weren't for nothing, in contrast, you know, we'd be like nothing too compared to it.
And you can't know nothing unless you know everything.
But you can't know everything.
Unless you know nothing.
How many people say I'm crazy now?
They get in there and they say, but the Hades, the Hades and the unseen world and the abode of the lost.
And they say that ain't real.
And I seen it down there on the seventh level.
And I, I, the mystery, the mystery, the mystery.
It just, it just tears us apart, the mystery.
And if we can just say, I know, I know that everything will be fine.
I know.
I know.
I, I, I, I know.
I, I, I, I know.
I, I, I, I know.
I, I, I, I know that everything will be fine.
