The average adult has between 40 and 50 billion fat cells.
The average adult has lost 7 adult teeth and has 11 teeth filled by middle age.
The average adult has 2 to 3 respiratory infections each year.
The average adult has a bout of diarrhea about 4 times a year.
The average adult has about 9 milligrams of molybdenum concentrated mostly in the liver.
The average adult has approximately 6 pounds of skin.
We have no other income of respect.

The sub-genius hour of slag.
Sub-genius hour of slag.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, Fart.
All you ought to do is put a bullet through his head.
Nice job, buddy.
Poor little fella.
I'll see you tomorrow night.
Good night.
Mr.
What does it mean?
So what, Mr. Dobbs?
We're in shape for the finals.
No, really, Mr. Dobbs.
And by the way, Bob, just where is that long promised bucket of pills?
And tell me, Bob, what's this slack business?
Shouldn't the hierarchical slack holders be getting unearthly dividends on a regular basis by now?
Or is it just really too much fun?
Is there a war on here?
Well, there is a war on here, Bob.
And whatever happened to too much is always better than not enough.
Has there been inside trading in the Souls Repository in Dobbs Town?
Ah, come on, Bob.
Remember us?
Remember the old guys?
We used to sell frat mixture for you way back in the good old days.
We've heard the old Dobbs head snake oil routine before, Bob.
We know all about the bleeding head of AP.
But when will it come is what we want to know.
When shall the fabled luck plane tilt?
And when shall things at last begin to flow to all, all, all of us who, despite the perilous times in which we do live,
plead unto you still, Bob?
Next day is coming closer, Dobbs.
You haven't got all the time to the end of the world, have you?
Hadn't you better just get cracking, Mr. Dobbs?
Don't you think it's time to get your ass out of party mode and back up the crack?
What would you say to somebody else who is watching right now who had leukemia or some other type of cancer?
What would you say to them?
I would say, I'm feeling great.
Okay, well, I thank you for the cancer in Jesus' blood.
I want a pain pill.
And I pray right now for every cancer on my back for these past three years to be successful.
And tumors be in Jesus' left knee.
Every trace of cancer, I command you to come back.
No more life.
And Lord, I pray that your growth would be loosed in Sioux Falls.
7 p.m.
I'm expecting tremendous heart surgery.
But also, they cannot find her kidneys.
They are gone.
This is VR News.
While some areas of Colorado have been hit by heavy horses this summer,
farmers in the southwestern part of the state say they're still suffering the effects of the dogs and pigs.
Some old-timers in the region crashed through a car windshield, killing hundreds of birds.
But the cats and alpacas are also the worst they've ever seen.
The state veterinarian suspects state health officials are pigs.
The Colorado State Patrol is blaming the state.
Farmers in the area say their yield this season is 5 to 10 dogs per herd.
Instead of the 40 or 50 dogs, they need to make public radio.
Okay.
Ah.
Uh.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, we have another Lee Marston.
More show intro.
Good to have a bunch of unheard, uh, chop-ups there by Fernanda Nande-Lemur.
In fact, all of the above collages were by that worthy.
Except for the, uh, ranting by Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Ranting there to Bob himself.
And more ranting is coming up, friends.
Now that we have a break in the devivals.
Until November, anyway.
When it's Amsterdam, Hamburg, and London.
Uh, we've had time, in the meantime, to, uh, uh, delve deep into the summer devival recordings.
Such as, uh, these, uh, ranters from the Cleveland show, uh, May 22nd at, uh, the Beachland Ballroom.
Starting here with the good Dr. Sinister.
Uh.
I'll tell you what I did when I found Bob.
I've killed him!
You know why?
Because you know what it comes down to?
Give me slack or kill me!
But here's the thing about Bob, alright.
He's the black hole of slack.
The mouth and the anus of the universe.
You want to talk about Alpha and Omega, you've got it right there.
You cannot give slack to Bob.
He simply sucks it up.
But if they say, give me slack or kill me, you can't give slack.
You must kill him!
And so that is what I did.
But you know, it comes down to a lot more than that, you know.
I've heard a lot of talk about doing this and doing that.
But I am here to tell you right now that you are all sinners!
And you will all languish on Earth with the rest of the pinks.
It's true.
It's true.
We are all sinners.
And I am a sinner myself!
And I come here to tell you this.
I have a job.
I have a job.
I confess.
But you know what?
It's a job that gives slack.
It gives slack.
And I find that I don't have to do a thing.
In fact, one of the jobs that was given tonight by my employer, I issue not, my boss sent
me here with $20 to buy him a t-shirt with Bob's face on it.
And they don't even have one for sale with Bob's face featured prominently on it.
My boss just lost $20.
That's what it comes down to.
But seriously, let me tell you how it will be!
There will be pleasure saucers.
There will be frop for free.
Because he is the slack man.
Oh yeah, he is the slack man.
And the Bobbies, they know their Yeti past.
And the pink boys, they are all aghast.
Because he is the slack man.
Oh yeah, he is the slack man.
And if you hate your job, well, fucking quit!
And if you've got no friends, you know, he's gonna...
He's gonna get your back, you know.
And if you're feeling down, you don't need smacking.
Because if you're down with that, you're right on track.
But the tables, they will turn around.
Because Planet X has just been found.
Because he's the slack man.
Oh yeah, he is the slack man.
And if you must die, here's what to do.
Jump in his pipe.
Let him smoke you.
Because he's the slack man.
Oh yeah, he's the slack man.
But I mean, forget about that.
I mean, seriously.
I mean, he was up here, and it took all my effort to not throw a bottle at him.
Because that motherfucker is sucking up all our slack.
And that guy with the Roman collar on before, he wasn't kidding.
I mean, Bob really is laughing at us.
And it's about time we laughed back.
And it's about time we did something back to him.
So when you see Bob on the street, kill him!
Kill him!
Kill him!
Kill him!
He'll live.
I mean, Jesus, he died and rose once.
How many times has Bob been killed by disgruntled subgenia?
We've lost count.
We've lost count.
And he's come back every time.
So kill Bob already.
Kill him!
He will live, and he will love you for it.
And you know what?
When he loves a subgenius, you know, he's asking to be let down because subgenius love
hurts.
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!






Kill Bob!


Kill Bob!




Kill Bob!



Kill Bob!

Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
The Electric Mind is one that can achieve a versatile, high-quality self-medication.
Oh, I was, uh, excuse me, I didn't realize you were going to open the door. I should have locked it.
Oh, well, um, now...
Oh, oh, oh, hold on, hold on.
You know, science doesn't acknowledge the existence of some of these transient phenomena.
After all, science must basically, uh, pick up a conservative position.
I mean, this machine, for years, and science says it doesn't even work,
and yet I found it to be greatly satisfying and pleasing to my alpha rhythms.
Not only that, the, uh, yes.
The vibrations that get processed when the brain is in motion
is one that can only be reflected back upon oneself
with the proper polarity and reversal transmission migration, uh, um, mutated, uh, magnetic resonances.
Magnetic mutants? Getting you down?
Mutated.
Well, there's always one thing you can do about it.
Magnetic resonances.
You can, uh...
We only use the word mutant.
Dispense these, um...
To apply to those...
Altered ones, let's call them.
Similar.
Less elaborate.
Who cluster around the more fortunate...
Nogahide.
...like magnetic monopoles in a cloud chamber.
What are we to do with this social solace?
It's a question we've asked since the beginning of time.
Are we going to sweep the problem under the societal rug?
Is it Nogahide or Corinthian leather?
Or perhaps use the societal vacuum cleaner in the societal closet
to suck up every particle of that which makes us uncomfortable or afraid?
Is it simulated Nogahide?
But some of us understand...
From where does that...
...the Nogah originate?
...all men are my brothers,
though I wouldn't want some of them to marry my sister?
And which...
Furthermore, it's not only humans...
...animal line does the Nogahide...
...to find themselves punctured by this predicament.
According to the latest scientific information,
male marmosets...
A Nogahide is related to the marmoset.
The Nogah, you say?
The Nogah.
It's related to the marmoset.
Nogah is the, uh, source of the Nogahide.
Nogahide, right.
Yes, that's right.
But I was speaking of, uh, male marmosets and their high approval of sex.
In other words, the realm of monkey love.
The mighty monkey.
Upon noticing the seductive, sexy scent of a female marmoset...
Did you know that if a marmoset was the size of a human
that it could lift its own body and a house?
A male marmoset doesn't pursue her mindlessly.
Male marmosets appear to think about...
not just react to what they're getting into...
just as people do.
Would they?
Well, they said that, but then their actions would belie their true intent.
Puzzling evidence, dear friends!
Uh, the puzzling evidence show that is with Dr. Howell and Dr. Philodrummond
on KPFA there in Berkeley.
Uh, monstrous, monstrous, uh, m-metallic, uh, magnetic mutation.
And now...
And now...
We will move, uh, back into the Cleveland Devival.
And, uh, I actually, I've been...
I'm glad to finally be able to present this.
This poor fellow's been used to...
He's tried to do this rant over the phone sentence by sentence all last year.
And finally he got up on stage.
And we got a good recording of it.
Friends, I'm happy to present SpaceBuddy008.
Please allow me...
To introduce myself...
For your records...
For your files...
For your own good...
I am SpaceBuddy008.
Dolphin speaks.
Ha, ha, ha, ha...
Mutant rant.
Mutant rant.
Show em...
Poem...
Er...
Oh...
Tributaries?
Anyone?
Ha, ha, ha...
Mainstream music radio.
Maddening musical mind control.
Midriffs.
Macho.
Millions for mediocrity.
Grammys for scammies.
Pathetic.
I'm a...















Pablum puffery.
Profit driven.
If persist to predominate.
Pathological.
Mainstream TV.
Slapsticky stereotypical sordid shitcoms.
Springin' and swingin'.
Pathetic.
Pablum puffery.
Profit driven.
If persist to predominate.
Pathological.
Mainstream politics.
Rich men.
Reductionist.
Rigged elections.
No republicrats.
No residents with real people.
Rutt...
Row...
Pathetic.
Pablum puffery.
Profit driven.
If persist to predominate.
Pathological.
Mainstream movies.
Bullets, booms, bombs, banality, boring.
Pathetic.
Pablum puffery.
Profit driven.
If persist to predominate.
Pathological.
Mainstream medicine.
Pharmaceutical.
Physical prisoners.
Pills.
Price gouging.
Privatization.
Pious.
Professional.
Priests.
Pathetic.
Pablum puffery.
Profit driven.
If persist to predominate.
Pathological.
Mainstream news media.
Fear mongering.
Fakers.
Obfuscating.
Fairness.
Facts and fecks and fairness and folly and fluff with funny faces.
Tee hee.
Publicity.









Writer.
Now the truth is it's a crime-shaming cult that's creating a crappy culture, shut down
the cynical corporate Frankenstein, and break free the shackles of high mentalities.
The evolution of consciousness, son of a bitch, is a sacred imperative.
What's in?
Indie music.
Indie politics.
Independent film.
Indie media.
Indie me.
Indian medicine.
Listen, internet, cybercly, cyberbia, individuality, interest in other countries' cultures,
and primary religious, spiritual experience and energy dedicated to co-creating heaven on Gaia.
For in spite of reality monopolizers, elites, contraries hounding us,
we endangered species with our reality apertures fully opened,
know heaven is all around us.
We need critical mass of enlightenment so as to share it with everyone.
Born, skating, skiing, working, dancing, dying, living, changing.
Earthling, darling, earthling, being, boing, boing, boing, boing, boing, boing, boing.
Boing, boing, boing, boing, boing.
This is the hour, this is the hour.
But we're coming.
Revolution.
This is the hour, this is the hour.
But coming revolution.
Michigan and California, the spawning grounds for the revolutionary activities.
The White Panthers headquarters in Ann Arbor.
This is the hour, this is the hour.
But coming revolution.
This is the hour, this is the hour.
But coming revolution.
Students for a democratic society.
The White Panthers.
SDS class is seen.
We better do it now.
This is the hour, this is the hour.
But coming revolution.

This is the hour, this is the hour.
But coming revolution.
Every high school and college in the country will close with riots and sabotage.
Millions of young people will surge into the streets of every city.
Dancing, singing, smoking pot, and having sexual intercourse.
And of course, Bob Hope said, oh, just some college kids having fun.
This is the hour.
This is the hour.
And we're coming up on to it once again.
Our program is cultural revolution to a total as solar culture makes use of every tool,
every energy, every media we can get our hands on.
Our message is one and that is freedom.
For the first time in America, we have a generation of visionary maniac white mother country dope fiend rock and roll freaks.
We're ready to keep up.
We're ready to keep up.



the jams, all the jams, this is the hour of the coming revolution,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
the program of total freedom for everyone, we are totally committed to carrying out our program,
we breathe revolution, we are LSD driven maniacs in the universe,
we'll do anything we can to drive people crazy out of their heads into their bodies,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
this is the hour of the coming revolution,
we'd better do it now.
The jelly eaters did that, dear friends.
And now, let's get a little bit of Tiny Tim.
Oh, this is Santa Claus, saying I won't be around.
I won't be around this year. I'm a bit sick.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year,
and he won't be around to spread his Christmas cheer.
The reindeer all look blue, they know what he's going through.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year,
he won't be yelling out, ho, ho, ho, ho,
but he'll be screaming out, no, no, no, no.
He's lying sick in bed, call the doctor there instead.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
Each season he is full of pep and vim,
but now the AIDS have got the best of him.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year,

he's got the AIDS this year, he's got the AIDS this year.
The nurses all look sad, cause Santa's got it bad.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
Oh, this is Santa Claus saying I won't be here this year.
I'm sick in bed with the AIDS.
Oh, but I'll be back next year, next year.
Don't cry for me, a doctor will cure me.
There'll be no jingle bells upon his sleigh.
From everyone he's got to stay away.
Twelve months to wait and then he'll soon be round again,
but Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
Oh, I'll miss you all, but I'll see you next year.
Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year,
and he won't be here this year.

Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
He won't be round to spread his Christmas cheer.
The reindeer all look blue, yeah,
they know what he's going through.
But Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
There'll be no jingle bells upon his sleigh.
From everyone he's got to stay away.
Twelve months to wait and then he'll soon be round again,
but Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
I said Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
I said Santa Claus has got the AIDS this year.
Tiny Tim, dear friends.
And before that, there's a little news for you.


The Jelly Eaters.
Next up, let's just lose our minds with Dr. Howell
and Dr. Philodrum back here at that KPFA Berkeley Puzzling Evidence Show.
That's one for Ripley.
Okay, I'm ready to answer your question.

Sure, just lay it on me.
I'll give you the answer here.
Remember.
Yes.
He walks, he talks, he winks and whistles, and is just plain silly.
Oh, that, I, well, we've all known someone like that in our lifetimes.
He craves love, he sings songs, and has a great sense of humor.
Well, he sounds like a real nice guy.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, he's one of the best.
He has an on-off switch for hushing his endless chatter.
One of nature's norm and the salt of the earth.
Although the big switch in his back is cause for alarm, he might be erseth.
I have an on-off switch.
See?
Yes, you can cover it up now.
That's hideous.
Throw a towel over it.
That's hideous.
Look at the way the blind is.
Come on.
We could be pulled off the air for such an on-off.
That's an exhibition.
All right, there you go.
That's right.
Cover it with the towel.
And when I don't, you'll see.
We'll tie it back here.
I want you to make me better.
Okay.
Talk to me.

Stop it.
Come on.
That's ridiculous.
I'm Kobe, the interactive monkey bear.
You know, why don't you just take a stress pill and sit down and think this over.
I'm telling you the...
I'll ask the questions and you'll understand what your answers are supposed to be.
All right.
We can do it that way.
Sure.
Why not?
Here, put your face into the sleek stereo unit.
It does.
It looks sort of like nobody cleaned it the last time it was used.
It's time for your mind to unwind with Kobe, the swinging monkey bear.
He has a stereo color TV clock in his belly and everything he does shows his talent.
He can crow like a rooster and play the piano.
He can play the harp.
Endless hours of challenging fun bring Kobe to life once again for you and your children.
It's for the children.
Once again, Kobe.


Once again, this show brings it back to what we know.
That it's to protect the children from potentially harmful programming using the auto lock feature.
Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond.
I'll be seeing both of those fellows at X Day and on my escape vessels.
But now, let's go back in time for some radio synesthesia.
From WCSB Cleveland.
We're all running out of...
Oh, I'm not.
Running out of...
No, you know, actually, I can sit and lecture for days.
I'm sure you could.
I really could.
I can think of a bunch of things that would interest me.
Oh, gosh, just endlessly.
And the joy of lecturing on the radio and thinking, oh, they're not going to change the channels
because this is just so...
You know, they wouldn't rather listen to some kick-ass rock and roll or cool jazz or something.
No way.
My fine lecturing about science fiction movies and time control will certainly, and President Bush's evil deeds,
shall keep them hypnotized.
That and my goatee.
You know, I think we could make a very, very long album.
24 hours long or something like that.
24 hour marathon of...
The album no one bought by the big...
Weird imagine.
By Hot Air and the Balloons.
The album that dare not speak its title.
The Bull-loons.
Well, there was a...
There is a song, you know, that never dies and maybe this is part of that song.
This is...
It's just...
It became a spoken word piece for a little while.
Ah, yes.
The song that doesn't end.
It disguised itself.
It disguised itself as a spoken word piece in order to escape its tormentors.
But the song that would never die will survive in whatever form it must take.
Even if it has to take over some random college radio show mixed with an IRC lock.
The song will sneak between the cracks and keep going.
Just like water.
No matter how many drummers fall by the wayside.
No matter how many guitar strings break and guitarist's nervous systems go out.
No matter how many radio station executives are put in line.
No matter how many people are in the hospital.
The song will somehow go on.
The song that cannot end.
And the baby keeps burping.
And this is not the end.
Our grandfathers talked of the turmoil caused by the song in the old days.
And they talked of that with a glimmer of nostalgia in their eyes because then the song was almost pleasing to the ear.
We're gonna take one more call here.
You're on the air.
This song has a modern song.
It's heard here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yes, Stan spoke earlier of time control.
I had another anecdote.
Well, earlier from your point of view.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Or somebody's point of view.
I'm not sure whose point of view really it was.
It was someone's view because I was floating out in space.
But that's not really relevant now.
The reason that I felt the need to incur some long distance charge is to call back in.
I had another anecdote that I thought that you're listening populist really ought to hear.
And the thing is, is that I recently purchased a clock and hung it up on the wall.
And it was a subgenius time control clock with the wings of slack featured upon it.
Oh, really?
Oh, yes.
I've got one with Bob and Connie on them in my bathroom.
Yeah, we know about your preferences, Stan.
But once I was looking at the clock, I found that now and again it would skip.
The second hand would tick and tick and tick and then stop.
Mine does that too.
And then tick again and tick and stop.
And I was certain that since I had paid my $30 to Bob and become Reverend Vertigo instead of merely Vertigo,
that I had certainly attained the gift of time control.
But it turned out that the inferior made in China battery that Cafe Press included with the clock was faulty.
Oh, is that all it is, the battery?
Yeah.
Oh, thank God.
It was telling the time and date of my death.
Running backwards?
I figured that was what it was.
It was like it kept coming back for the same time, 1-12.
I was going, oh, God, it's telling me when I'm going to die.
What a relief.
Oh, it's just a Chinese battery.
Yeah, those are terrible batteries.
Well, it will show the time of your death, you know, twice a day.
Did you know Walmart will sell more than four camera batteries to anyone?
Don't remind me.
Because people might use them to make crystal meth.
The best thing to do is just to stop.
All the clocks that you have so that, you know, the odds of it showing the exact time of your death then get pretty slim.
When in doubt, just reboot.
It's not a bad law.
All down, start right back up.
It's not a bad law.
Chances are it will solve the whole problem.
But yes, once I put a good Duracell battery in there, then I've lost my powers of time control.
Okay, yeah, I've got the, now oddly enough, I have one of those Cafe Press subgenius clocks.
I have the one called the Hour of Slack Last Episode.
Bob finally came.
It's not a very pretty clock, but it's meaningful to me.
And it has kept perfect, ordinary time in sync with, you know, the network time of my working computers.
And yet the Bob and Connie clock is eternally in a now of 112.
And yet the second hand continues to tick.
But as you say, it'll do a few beats and we'll see.
And then it'll go from one place and stop.
And then do a, it's a strange dance of time.
Have you checked the battery?
Stephen Hawking would probably be able to.
Does it have that made in China power cell 400 or whatever that is?
That one still does, yeah.
The other ones I think have been replaced.
Well, you know, we pay those little Chinese children in cigarettes and candy.
I think that it may not be an issue with the battery's quality.
It may be that these Cafe Press batteries have some sort of, some sort of Yeti power within them.
Well.
You know, if it's something like that, it wouldn't be the batteries.
Believe it or not, it would be the artwork.
It would actually be the meme caused by the thing printed on the paper that's mounted behind the clock.
It's strange to see how that could affect something mechanical, but it actually is the artwork.
And the whatever.
So it's got some sort of field effect.
Put into the art by the subgenius artist.
Does it?
Maybe it tilts the luck plane or.
Right.
Exactly.
It's crappy with time.
I mean, ostensibly it's a time reader, but it really doesn't do that very well.
But as far as the luck plane goes, it's not bad for hints.
Hints as to which direction it's going.
Well, I'm standing close to the battery now, and I'm hoping that the luck plane will tilt in my direction.
And not be like hot lava.
I mean, the luck plane can go in your direction, but it's not always necessarily good luck.
You know, that's the part that we left out of the first two books.
Oh, man.
See, that's what you get when you don't read all those books.
Yeah.
Well, we forgot.
We meant to say, you know, we meant to make that disclaimer.
And there was a lot of little disclaimers we kind of forgot.
Well, at least we got the thing about the de-beaking tool and the prairie squid in there.
There'd be a lot of.
Yeah, I am really glad that you got that in there.
That saved my genitalia several times.
Huh?
The de-beaking of the prairie squid?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, imagine if we hadn't mentioned that.
If we'd only mentioned the joys of the prairie squid.
I would be in the market for sexual reassignment, I think.
Is that the one that gives you monkey pox?
The old Dr. Sinister here might not have ever been born.
Oh, monkey pox.
Is that what the kids call it now?
His parents are old enough to have been castrated by poor prairie squid preparation.
That's right.
In fact, I was not born.
I was decanted.
Right.
Well, see, that might have actually happened for all we know.
And I was conceived in a petri dish as well.
It's lucky to be a doctor.
It's an immaculate conception and an immaculate delivery as well.
Well, the fun thing is that the vertigo is quite low here.
And Asperger's syndrome also, right?
My mom thinks I have Asperger's syndrome.
Hang up.
Oh.
He just, his time control went right down the drain.
It's horrible.
It's amazing.
And this is the amino acids.
Knowing that I could stop them at any point in time if I wanted to, but they were leading
me along a path.
And I just let myself go.
And all of a sudden, I reach this end of the path.
And it was very definite.
Do not eat the flesh of another living creature on your planet.
And I started thinking about that.
What is these superior forces from outer space?
Humans.
Well, if they did that, we could protest no more than, you know, we couldn't be the

protest because we eat the flesh of lower life forms on this planet. They, you know,
will be purposely, you know, moral in coming and eating us as life forms.
and
on
on
on
on
know
and
done

me
all
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo


And friends, that was
the Amino Acids live at the
Subgenius Devival at the Beachland
Ballroom, Cleveland, May 22nd.
You can get more information
about the Amino Acids at
www.theaminoacids.com
www.theaminoacids.com
www.theaminoacids.com
www.theaminoacids.com
Yes, yes, yes.
You are listening to the Subgenius Radio
Ministry Hour of Slack, number 956
this time.
If you need more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
see www.subgenius.com

Before it changes!
Oh, here it comes!
www.subgenius.org
www.subgenius.org
That's my pussy!
www.subgenius.org


Someone walked over my grave
disturbing my sleep
www.subgenius.org
A sleep that I thought would last
www.subgenius.org
through eternity
www.subgenius.org
www.subgenius.org
Someone walked over my grave awakening me, awakening me and bringing me back to reality.
I walk now in a place that is filled with misery, caused by men in search of their sinful destiny.
I walk now in a place that is filled with misery, caused by men in search of their sinful destiny.
My friends I have known and family I have loved will have to answer to me, for they let someone walk over my grave awakening me.
Well, are you attending our lecture?
We're trying to...
...teach you all about the true meaning of Ex Day.
How each subgenius on Ex Day...
...should be led through his own...
So you've come to the graduation of the college at 8484425 in the 510 area code college of education.
As I look out on that sea of upturned eager young faces I...
...am overcome by who am I to tell you all exactly what you should do with your lives now that you are graduating from this great...
...prestigious university.
Much has been said, and perhaps even more has been written about that most enigmatic of young men, J.R. Beaver.
Yet the eager seeker after slack has no regrets.
8484425.
Behold the...
Yeah, this is J.R. Beaver.
...in the flood of information, revealed by the secret...
Here are the...
...agents' graduations.
...subscribes.
Indeed, the newly born...
Does the end of the world protest here?
...hold their noses...
...2002.
...leap in and experience total immersion in the dark, dodata pools of the church.
The secretions of the myriad-headed organism that is the body of Bob's holy tabernacle.
This hydra is usually hailed as the only slack-giving entity.
But are there no shortcuts?
Must one ingest...
...are no shortcuts.
...so many raw bits as to choke the philosophical self?
Nope, we don't have any shortcuts.
And then...
No shortcuts either.
...a violent dispersion of the spirit...
Here's the special ring.
No cart-shots.
Here's a special trophy.
And here's the special little midget.
...on indigestion, festering...
The midget that you get to take home with you.
...until one day...
That's a Michael Pepe.
...last of Cassius'...
The midget Michael Pepe that you can take home with you will be there, and yet you
don't know it, because...








...you lost your key to...
In fact, there is one super extra-size...
...Bob's Town.
...which permits the inquirer...
Your key to the front door of Bob's Town.

...so genius message...
...read quickly and queasily, uh, easily, uh, smoothly, and without any barriers,
or not.
...and without any barriers, or not.
...and without any barriers, or not.
...so genius message...


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Take care.
nature, the mulching manure of the forest floor, where a man can fill his lungs and
unzip his pants and just, breathe and expel, wherever he pleases, freely. Free to breathe.
To breathe, to pee. How can Bob help us to ferret out the interstices of slack between
the pained animals? No answer. One shall come among you, and he shall unsheathe himself
and shall pay. And by that sign shall ye know him, for he is the one. Think about it. The
message is there. Not just anybody can achieve slack this way. Dobbs is beyond us. Just as
the excrement of Pharaoh was kneaded into herbs to make medicine, so Dobbs droppings
are mixed with the froppa mixtures. Bob's spore will fertilize anything. A woman can
get pregnant from stepping over a Bob dropping, even sitting on a toilet Bob has used. He
is so potent that merely the smell can make a woman pregnant. Bob's whole reason for the
church is to acquire enough stock of idiot Bob's droppings.
slop to fart.
The fact is that Yu USsrl is supposed to be superb in all aspects of medicine. Y and
Bob uses the Spいく Bladeball.

Copying is un hiçけ.
?-


Oh, that.
But you got through the game?
There was no strategy to do anything.
к
Engli
rainbow
Ha
ha
Lost
Hey

S
o
Everything
the
Welsh
pink souls. That makes me feel better. But I guess that's one of the pitfalls of sequels.
What the hell, we'll do it anyway. Just as volts are named after Professor Volt, so are
our units of measurement named after the subgeniuses who discovered them. Thus we have hyperclates
of confusion, palmers of hate, etc. Here, look at this lab report from Dobstown, Bobby
No. 5, his inebriation level was measured at 1.5 clevs, while his sex hurt index was
dropping rapidly down to 2.7 sterdas. We find this indicative that the nearness of the razor
blade incurred 4.7 megagordons of terror on the meter, which caused the scrotal sac to
retract. Give it 4 byrons on the bolded scale. Church devotion, Bobbyhood and obsequious subservience
are measured in elrons. Measurement itself is measured in mensless, and derision in

howls. There are core issues of delusion, welmans of defeddlement, contraires of sexiness,
cannibites of truth, lies of euphoria, and so on. Like the formula E.M.C. 2, the image
of Bob expresses a natural relationship between you and the framework of the world. Just as
E equals M.C. 2, so does the symbol of Bob, by its very statement of who it is contain
those powers of Bob with which we all must deal. By looking at Bob's image, by the act
of registering that image, we can see that the image of Bob is a symbol of God.
By looking at Bob's image in your brain, slack is generated. That pattern of dots,
when placed, before a human scanning system, creates a certain number of fillets of slack,
like the isotropic radio signal, the sensitivity of the receiver to the slack spectrum is most
important. The Dobbs head TM helps seduce you into the state of mind whereby you can
conceive on how space might be folded. Were you just a little more evolved, or were you
inside a Dobbs head that has been folded? You won't be able to fold space, but you'll
be able to fold space. Your kids might be able to, if they are conceived, after you
had that experience. And the implications. That each line of bullshit, each reflection
going off in different, random directions, can all be perfectly valid, at least for the
dumbasses who don't know the difference. As long as they're paying the medicine man for
telling them what they want to hear, they'll be happy.
Uh, friends, you can also email me, that's reverendivonstang at stang at sub-blog.com,




and if you want to write for free information, please do so, uh, here at the post office box
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
No, Bob! No!
