From
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
From PR News in Washington, I'm being trained to fight in the East and Midwest.
Do you need water?
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights says she wants systematic torture in The Hague.
I believe that crimes against humanity.
Human Rights Watch today says it has conducted
torture and action.
Harming civilians.
PR is bad.
PR News is bad.
Officials in southwestern China say they are suspending plans to open a PR News.
This was the scene captured on video in China's Sichuan province.
Angry crowds faced off against PR News, who responded with a gaping wound to the face.
Chrysler says PR is bad.
This is PR News.
Angels flash through the heavenlies.
You know.
Ezekiel saw a wheel.
But what a lot of us do not realize is that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel, verse 4,
the angels traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead.
Whirlwind.
They moved from one end of heaven to the other like a flash of lightning, verse 14.
And verse 15 says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into?
Spaceships now that are heaved out there.
The only thing that can withstand the heat.
Other things would disintegrate.
Burl ilium.
I get real scared, Bob.
Because I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood and the rocks and everything.
And they're always kind of laughing and feeling and laughing all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society has interpreted the signals as a message
from a space probe.
A message from a dying planet in that.
Well, the little green man's name was real headcats.
Rocking and a-rolling through the crazy flats.
Brought out a sax and it started to flow.
Brought out the drums and it started to roll.
Blind saucer, rock and roll.
Blind saucer, rock and roll.
I couldn't understand it.
A thing Ed said it was a crazy beat.
It just stopped me dead.
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack,
and a concert.
And a conspiracy of pinks, the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998, when the television signal of Amos and
Andy reaches the men from Planet X, the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand.

That there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues-paying, book-buying, receipt-in-the-pocket, paid-in-full-to-the-church subgenii,
have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them?
It's a tough world, Jack.
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m., when we all have hangovers, Wotan's judgment will take place
in the form of what the pre-scriptures call,
the,
Advent of the Angelic Host.
Happy, happy Independence Day.
Happy real Independence Day, my friends.
Uh, because, uh, here in Dallas, Texas, which is in its own time zone, you know, uh, all
the cities that get the hour of slack are in different time continuum.
But here in Dallas, yesterday was July 4th, the day before real Independence Day.
You see, for subgeniuses, uh, July 4th is like the day of disappointment and shattered
dreams.
It's a day of lies and rushes to judgment of drunken pinks and car crashes and depressing
desert storm parades.
And we mope around and think about things like Wounded Knee and JFK and assassination
and the Spanish-American War.
And, uh, we're not going to talk about that.

We're going to talk about the war and Vietnam and Iran-Contras and Watergate and so on.
But dear friends, dear friends, July 5th, July 5th, that is a day of hope and promise
for the subgeniuses.
Yes, friends, the day with the true America, the, the, the Bob's America, the America of
our Masonic society.


The subgenius Patriot forefathers and foremoms and, uh, foreslaves.
Today, July 5th, in Dallas anyway, is the first day of the end of the world.
The end of their world, dear friends, because it's the first day before the beginning of
our world, our subgenius planet.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
It makes me feel so good.


So good to have a subgenius holiday.
We need more subgenius holidays.
Of course, every day is Bob's birthday, but you know, that gets unrealistic after a while.
And so we call, well, July 4th, what the pinks call their independence day.
We call July 4th, X day E and, uh, uh, X day night.
Of course we call X day E, sort of like Halloween, but X day is our independence day.
Not July 4th, not Juneteenth, but X-est-mas.
X-est-mas, dear friends.
And you know, the night before X-est-mas, the whole family, the subgenius fully extended
nuclear family goes out and watches fireworks or else illegally sets them off in their backyard.
And then everyone, the kids and everyone go in and watch Freddy Krueger, Nightmare on
Elm Street videos around the fireplace.
Oh, yeah.
And, uh, the kids are tucked in, of course, about one o'clock in the morning and the grownups
stay up all night, frobbing and frobbing and dooning and, and gleaning and, uh, doing
X day chants about how the time is nigh for their arisal and, uh, songs, you know, X day
holiday songs like take me off to space, which we'll be playing soon.
And, uh, on X day morning, of course, uh, well, the grownups go to the bathroom and

the kids get up real early because on X day, the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
And just before seven o'clock, all the grownups and everybody sit out doors on their easy
chairs like I did this morning with beers or whatever in their hands.
And, uh, and they do a countdown up till 7 a.m.
And then since it's not really X day yet, they meditate friends on what it's going to
be like when those men from Planet X come down and destroy the whole planet.



Well, and what's formaan Signis the phenomenon?
Cone?
Auf 1 St 75.
And this woman is a well-deserved icon.
Careful here.
So, uh, um, there's, um, say that one thing.

do this on X day, Okay.
People aren't washers.
And, okay.
Oh yes.
dancing and so forth.
And then everybody goes to bed, usually fairly early in the day,
because you have to sleep.
I've been up all night on X Day Eve.
And they need to have energy for X Dayeen.
X Dayeen, the night of Xmas, when everybody dresses up in costumes,
dress up like angels or devils or God or Jesus or Bob or even Negi.
And, of course, you can get those Bob and Negi masks
from your favorite subgenius vendors at Fracton Company,
as seen in your Sark fist.
Ah, yes. Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Shalakandala Dabasoya.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, oh.
Bye-bye.
You have to go?
So funny, Lembo.
Scary monster.
Get the shock of a lifetime when they close and counter.
Third time for the first time.
Then they wake up.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good night, Nina Hagen.
She came to our Los Angeles revival in 1985
and walked backstage right when I was telling somebody
that she was full of crap with her UFO contactee shtick.
But I don't think her mind let her hear me.
Anyway, aren't those old show clips from 1996 and 1980s media barrage tapes
charmingly innocent and hopeful?
We still trusted calendars back then.
We thought we'd be an air-conditioned planet
sized with life and death stars by July 5th.
For contrast, let's listen to Priestess Pisces
describe the scene and the schedule
at the live wisterian hour of slack
from alleged July 5th, alleged 2012,
what turned out to be the 17th X-Day drill.
For one thing, we didn't get the air conditioning.
And instead of sex goddesses, we got ice cream and chili.
But at least we had that.
Boys and girls, I recognize it's very hot outside.
It is.
Isn't it?
The cafe would like you to come in.
We'd like you to know that they have ice cream.
Ice cream.
Also, around 5 o'clock today down in the Grindhouse Theater,
there will be chili available.
Chili?
In case you would like to lift off on your own later.
Chili today, hot tomorrow.
Really?
There's chili at the Grindhouse?
Around 5 o'clock, yes.
Bad movies and chili?
What's not to like?
You know, to tell the truth, the best time I've had this X-Day
was Princess Wee and I went down to the Grindhouse
after the show yesterday.
What was playing?
Playing?
Eddie Boop cartoons and some Warner Brothers stuff.
And it was just the two of us,
and we spent the most slackful 20 minutes of the whole X-Day
sitting there watching those cartoons.
Sounds nice.
And with chili, that would round it out perfectly.
A burst of movie music came out during the nuptial ceremony.
During the end of Stang's sermon,
some wonderful, cranky old movie music came floating out.
It was a magical moment.
Anyway, please attend to Priestess Pisces.
Okay, again.
So again, remember the cafe has ice cream.
That'll cool you off.
There will be chili down at the Grindhouse around 5 o'clock.
After the live hour of slack, when these boys are done,
there will be the Bulldada auction.
So if you have anything to bring up for the Bulldada auction,
please bring that.
Registration and swag does close at 5 o'clock.
If you have not registered and I don't see you around with a band,
I'm going to embarrass you.
You should have a little green or orange band on your wrist,
or you will be publicly humiliated,
or worse.
It doesn't take that much time.
I've got two friendly gentlemen waiting right now
to take your money and your registration.
In addition, there's a number of,
there are a few left of 2X or 3X T-shirts over there
that I've put aside.
I don't see a band on Reverend Codini,
and he just sat down right next to that registration table.
Wow.
I hope Codini remembers to go register.
You can get T-shirts to participate in the esoteric subgenius team.
He probably thinks having his artwork on the front of the table is a good idea.
It's a free ceremony.
Right.
It's worth $35.
In addition, after 5 p.m.,
when registration and swag check closes,
there will be a slack black mass at 8 p.m. at the main stage,
which will be very interesting.
Conducted by his eminent son, Shaw.
In addition, at 9 p.m.,
Reverend Sam Singleton, the atheist evangelist,
will take the main stage.
An actual professional performer, friends.
Our headlining music performer of the night is the great,
and well-renowned Duke of Uke,
who will be playing at 10 p.m.
The Duke of Uke, ladies and germs.
So, and also, at any point in time today,
and actually at any point in time,
the rest of this festival,
impromptu water-getting battles will occur.
At some point, there will be topless pillow fighting.
What do you mean, at some point?
Because it's a surprise.
I heard there were even one.
There were women invited to that.
Okay, now...
So those are the announcements for now,
and I'll let these boys get back to what they do.
Well, that's mighty nice of you.
As you know, the high points of this are ice cream,
chili at the Grindhouse,
the wonderful parade of events taking place at the main stage,
not the least of which the black mass conducted by Suds Shaw.
Have we never heard about your honeymoon,
Paisley?
You see, I'm sorry, I forgot to ask.
Did everything go all right?
Did you need any other instructions?
I can give lessons.
Just remember, it takes all types of critters
to make Grindhouse fritters.
G. Gordon Gordon has reminded me to insert
that first you eat the chili,
then you eat the ice cream.
I guess a little bit of remedial culinary,
instruction goes a long way.
In your enthusiasm, you might bolt down the ice cream
and then place on top of its glaucous mass
the incendiary column of chili
to bedevil your digestive system.
Mine is still struggling with the pig flesh
I ingested yesterday.
Thanks to Reverend Heathen,
I have a case of ranch-style beans
you could wash that down with.
Always with the ranch-style beans.
I don't understand.
Besides the one I just finished up here,
thanks to Mr. Sister.
Yes, you ate your octopus?
Yeah, yeah, I'll...
You know, if somebody else pays for it,
I'll go ahead and eat an intelligent creature.
You know, one of the things that I...
I'm not going to pay my own money
to eat an animal that might be as smart as me.
Your dolphin MRE's whooping-crane paste
and heart-of-century-plant salad
will be served this evening.
You won't see me eat crow.
There's actually a lot of free food
around this campsite.
Down in the pond, there's orange speckled newts.
That's right.
Papa Joe Mama caught one of these elusive salamanders
with his bare hands.
Oh, really?
While I was there, being eaten by clouds of insects.
They make great soup.
And, of course, when you go on the other path,
you can...
The other path.
The other path that heads in the other direction,
go a couple miles that direction,
you're guaranteed to pick up dozens and dozens of ticks,
which are very helpful in making your own
subgenius brand of tequila.
And finally, what other free foods do they have?
Well, there are leeches.
I don't know if they're edible.
Ah, yes, the leeches.
Those are good for medical purposes.
Yes.
That's why one, I'm told,
one should not visit the other side of the pond.
Of course, this is just some legend,
some exaggeration made to scare unwary campers.
Well, leeches are actually very tasty in pasta.
You don't even have to cook them.
You go ahead, I would.
Like octopi, best enjoyed when they're still squirming a bit.
That's in that Japanese tradition of eating still live arthropods and things.
This is going to be amazing.
No more fighting over which bed they can sleep in.
Now they have plenty of room, plenty of floor space,
and it's pink. Fantastic.
A new female co-star, and she starts Monday.
What? A new co-star?
Never heard your Bob story.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know, I had Bob on the phone,
and I suddenly realized that I...
You can't tell that story now.
He belongs to Bob.
What do you mean?
You signed the release.
Yeah?
All right, I'm back in the game.
Hello?
It's Bobby.
No, you got the wrong number, kid.
It's your grandson, Bobby.
Why haven't you called?
Bobby, you gotta stop calling.
Okay, goodbye, Bobby.
Don't call anymore.
I'm dead now.
Gotta go.
Hey, Bob.
Boo!
Bob!
The state calls Mr. Bob to the stand.
How about you cut me a little slack, okay?
Heads are turning, and people are hitting the streets of Austin, Texas,
to catch a glimpse of it.
Because believe it or not, the Lone Star State is home to the world's first and only
Bob.
Bob decided to turn...
My friend Bob had shock treatments.
The second main courier that I had was a Bob Jr.
His father was a drug, a big drug dealer who I knew.
Hey, you gonna do stuff outside, Bobby?
Yeah, yeah, Mr. Hill.
Got any other work you want to throw my way?
So I, I enlisted him as one of my couriers.
Let's do that.
And it was a big mistake on my part.
Princess, we and I have been, we've been in a relationship for a long time.











We've been lately taking annual cross-country trips in the wintertime.
She retired from her conspiracy job at Weather Control, and I learned how to continue to
do my slave labor from on the road.
As long as I carry enough membership packs with me for sale over there.
Anyway, we started making a, sort of a regular and formal exploration of subgenius homes.
Wow!
How many have televisions in every room that are on all the time?
How many have no television?
How many have a slack altar that takes up part of one room?
And how many have a house that the whole thing is a slack altar?
Guilty and guilty.
And we've been putting these online.
Actually, we haven't put Potter Nostril and Petal's Place online yet.
But their entire house is what you would call a slack altar.
I've had people come in and look at one shelf in my house and go,
Man, I wish I had so much cool stuff.
Well, that's their entire house.
And Susie the Floozy's place is legendary.
The Floozyum is online, both her previous one and the current one.
And you have to set aside four hours to look at,
her Baldotta collection.
And keep your hands in your pockets at all times.
Philo's house is about a half slack altar.
Philo has many slack altars indoors and outdoors.
His house is riven with them.
But you can't say that every inch of it has been turned into a slack altar.
Well, many things there are reliquaries of bones and the weird remains of various creatures.
It's a wonderful place to visit.
And there's slack altars.
Dr. House?
Philo's house or room has been featured in magazines as a slack altar.
Wow.
And a miracle of packing, miniaturization.
Especially after the San Francisco earthquakes when everything's dislodged and thrown.
Very little of it fell down.
You'd have to see them to believe it, really.
That's the miracle of these slack altars.
A tree fell on their slack altar just two days ago.
And the word was,
the tree fell on the slack altar.
And the word was,
the tree fell on the slack altar.

the tree fell on the slack altar.
And yet they get there and it was the Porsche they were planning on taking down anyway.
Right.
So, involuntary slack.
You build for slack, you will get slack.
It seems like a disaster at first and then you realize it's the best thing that ever happened.
Oh, my God, I lost my job.
Oh, my car got wrecked.
Oh, they stole all my heroin.
And it turns out that was the involuntary slack you most needed.
That doesn't always happen, granted.
Sometimes.
Sometimes it's just a horrible mess.
Sometimes the heroin isn't contaminated.
But...
For the most part.
You know, I mean, certainly...
Now, there's Dr. Drummond slowly making his way.
Now, he's heading for that sweat lodge down there.
This heroin is 10% sugar.
Or the turd, as Mr. Cicero calls them.
He's going to recycle some of that beer that he picked up in Athens.
Well, we'll see him before long.
I know.
It may be a while.
I have faith.
I don't know why he's heading so rapidly down the hill.
I can tell by the way he's walking.
It could be...
It could be.


At least 10 or 15 minutes.
He's heading for the port-a-potty to relieve his special tensions.
And now he knows that everyone up here is sort of kind of keeping an eye on there
to see how long it'll take him.
That's right.
Whether he's still zipping up when he walks out or pulling his pants up.
I notice none of those port-a-potties are in the shade.
Every single one of them is in the heat.
In the boiling sun.
Well, it's funny.
There used to...
Last year, there was a fabulous...
Deluxe...
Deluxe chem toilet for handicapped people.
Right over there.
That was my favorite one.
I pretty much monopolized it all the time.
Well, you have a handicap, as we all know.
And there was another normal one next to it.
Now, and they never struck me as unusually unpleasant as chem toilet sweat lodge tortoises go.
You know, it's all relative.
Some are worse than others.
And I understand that...
One last year was legendary
because someone with a great capacity
didn't even bother to lift the lid.
They just placed it right across the top of the lid
as if to make a statement.
That's because these people don't bring a light.
See what I can do.
You've got to bring a light.
Gaze upon my works.
Ye mighty and despair.
That brought up a new term here.
I didn't see it myself.
I had advanced a theory that some...
Sissy city girl that forgot her flashlight had done that.
Oh, that's called ground capping.
Ground happy?
Ground capping.
Thanks to Mr. Sister.
Susie said that whoever created this was probably not a small woman,
but someone of large and experienced capacity.
But they knew it was a woman.
Well, you never know.
They knew it was a woman because it was written in cursive or what?
No, well...
She was trying to say it wasn't.
At the end.
Yeah, it was curled like a Dairy Queen softie.
Yes, I was trying not to say that, but there it is.
But see, Susie herself does that.
She brags about that.
T-M-I.
Well, it takes a lot of...
You know, it's sort of like twirling those little things on the ends of your breast.
You've got to have perfect synchronization.
Well, and she can do that too.
Absolutely.
There are many...
There are many talents here at the church.
Every subgenius has a superpower that no one else has.
And I think every subgenius has a superpower that he, her, or it doesn't know is possessed.
That will be found out in the crucible of extremity.
You will find out what your secret path, what your secret power is.
Yes.
What's the name of that one subgenius from days of yore that could play the trumpet through his ass?
Who was that?
Oh, Lepetimane.
Lepetimane.
Yeah, the great Lepetimane.
He could also squirt water out of there.
Well, he was the most highly paid performer in Paris at his time.
He outsold Sarah Bernhardt, who was the most famous actress.
You don't know this.
Tell us something new, euphoria.
But could he outperform Sarah Bernhardt?
It's not me.
I didn't bring it up.
I didn't bring it up.
I didn't bring it up.
I didn't bring it up.




Yes, there's a...
I knew about Petimane when you were running down your daddy's leg.
Yeah, but you were 85 when I was running down my daddy's leg.
You probably saw Lepetimane.
You probably paid for scout tickets to see that guy in 1890.
He was in Baghdad when you were in your dad's bag.
Well, you have to remember, there's always a new generation of subgenius.
They can't all be as young.
However many years young as Gordon Gordon is.
So a few of us...
That's right.
He can be brought up to speed.
What?
I'm not even saying that.
It's Papa Joe Mama who's making these disparaging, ageist comments.
Thank you, Hal, for taking that sling and arrow on my behalf.
Well, I'm sure I'll have solacisms myself I'll have to pay for.
I don't wish my own burden to grow too heavy.
You're reminding me of Judy.
David de Beaver.
No one is more bold than Papa Joe Mama, rhetorically and in the arena of intellectual and even,
dare I say it, physical combat.
I hate to say it, but Papa Joe Mama is the only subgenius that we had to censor once.
Good.
More than once.
Good.
Well, that's, yeah, you know you're on the right track.
Well, like I said...
I put out a stark fist.
If, if, if...
If Gary Hughes and Paul Mavridis had had any say in it, I would have been hung just for
thinking about it.
Was this never Screw the Cops?
It was the really, really, yeah, the hot sex issue of the stark fist, the last of the giant
ones.
I always wondered why you cut off just before the anal scene kicked in.
The whole idea was to infuriate my PC buddies in San Francisco.
Honestly, it really was.
And boy, did it ever.
It worked.
They said, there's never going to be girls in the church from now on.
And boy, were they wrong.
The subgenius ladies saw that offensive magazine and went, oh, these boys think they're so
gross.
And they proved us to be rank amateurs, especially the rank part.
Who would have ever thought that there are women out there who actually enjoy sex?
Unbelievable.
We unearthed the ladies that liked the three students.

The four stooge.
The missing stooge.

It's the fourth stooge, the missing stooge.
Are you the fourth stooge, my friend?
That was Papa Joe Mama, Dr. Hal, and me from the 50 Next Day stage.
Except for PR News, which is by Lemur, the collages tonight are, by and large, by The
Large.
Or they're from very old subgenius media barrage albums.
Or the ancient E-Mail.









The ESO Swamp Radio Show from WCSB Cleveland.
Speaking of variety, we had a very special guest at 50 Next Day, an actual professional
preacher, and not a subgenius one, at least not originally.
He is a very busy and popular atheist preacher.
And he delivered a pretty amazing one hour long sermon, which we'll be playing in 10
minute excerpts for the next few shows.
This is Reverend Sam Singleton.
The Atheist Evangelist.
Goddamn!
I always figured there are three kinds of people come out to the show.
Atheists, like Brother Sam.
Agnostics, like, well y'all aren't like anything.
And the ones that say they actually believe in God.
Theists.
And I'm going to be talking to each group at different times, and sometimes all together.
So pay attention.
And I realize that the godly will have to pedal harder to keep up.
Maybe you can sit behind an atheist and get carried along in the slipstream.
I'm going to spend some time talking about how silly the Bible is, and how stupid it


is, and how its main characters are all curiously preoccupied with penises.
They own and other guys.
Which I suppose is inevitable, seeing as how the Bible is so patriarchal.
Not much ink gets spilled on the ladies.
Lucky for you, Brother Sam has gone to the trouble of actually reading the Bible.
So you don't have to.
Just like the clergy.
You're welcome.
Just so you know, you're not missing much.
For one thing, that motherfucker is long.
And it just gets sillier and boringer.
Till...
Until...

Until...

And I hate to spoil the ending.
Till you've suffered through about oh-twelve hundred pages before you realize it was nothing
but one of those juvenile gags in which the punchline is just the word penis.
There's no object.
No moral to the damn thing.
Maybe the writers knew what they were doing, given their intended audience.
I think they must have just figured there was no need to exert themselves trying to
stuff a bunch of actual content into the Bible when all that was necessary to get all the
lurid little snickers and giggles they were after was to keep steering the story back
to penises.
And you can't get very far into any exploration of biblical dicks before you come upon the
paper.
Patriarchs, the Bible's heroes, who all made penile history.
It is no accident that the word monogamy does not appear in the Bible.
Neither does incest.
My point is that the very people who model their morality on the examples of the patriarchs
and their God...
...are screwing us while we stand.
And the only way to stop them is to say right out loud.
Now, there may be ten times more y'all than there are of us, but that don't mean you can
fuck me without me saying something about it.
I'm hitching up my britches and going home.
And I hate to be so blunt.
But there it is.
The question isn't whether they've got us outnumbered.
They have.
It's by how much.
In the USA, the degree to which majorities feel emboldened to go up your you-hoo without
so much as a by your leave is never less than proportionate to their numerical superiority.
In what passes for a democracy, numbers are important.
You get yourselves undercounted, and you're guaranteed to be underrepresented, underheard,
underpaid attention to, fucked like I say, speedily, mightily, regularly.
I've seen polls say that non-believers count for about 11% of the population.
I don't believe that.
It works out to about 31 million of us.
Double what it was ten years ago.
If atheism were a religion, it would be expanding at a clip similar to that to Islam here in
the USA.
And if you think that sounds good, just remember it still leaves 89% of the people in the air
traffic control towers at the triggers of the nuclear arsenal.
In the government, the military and the police, 89% of your fellow Americans, all claiming
that they have an imaginary friend that tells them what to do.
And the ones with the imaginary friend have turned their fantasy into a culture, a form
of governance, mediocrity.
And that's what we're going to see.
In which 11% of the population, the top 11%, need not apply.
Being a minority in the USA is not all it's cracked up to be.
In fact, it'll get you hosed every time.
Or 89% of the time.
Part of our problem is we're not conspicuous enough.
We need to dress up funny one day a year and have big atheist pride parades all over the
place.
That's what we need to do.
Rolling over and playing dead has got us mistaken for actually being dead.
You do that shit long enough one of these times, you're not playing anymore.
If you wind up getting a Christian burial, don't say you weren't warned.
You'll be dead and they'll still be fucking you.
Necro-theism.
It's the Christians that are supposed to turn the other cheek.
I'll tell you one thing about my Christianity.
I'm a Christian, Ken.
My cheeks involuntarily clench whenever I'm around them.
Reverend Sam Singleton, the atheist evangelist, live at X-Day, the part one.
He can be found at samsingleton.com.
Evidently, his upbringing was not very subgeniously.
It was fantastically pink.
And I think if I could, I'd probably have my wedding as pink as hers.
Come on, Bobby, let's go party.
It looked really glitzy and princessy, which is just kind of how I want mine to be.
My beef was pink and very pink.
I know a lot of people like it like that, but I didn't.
It's certainly gone with the pink theme and it's not over the top.
It's very subtle and really, really beautiful.
Bob made $760 on their Tesla hemorrhoid pad.
No!
Pink frosting fixes everything.
Listen, McCloud.
When I broke in tonight, the numbers and figures I saw didn't add up.
Something's wrong and Blake's trying to cover it up.
What do you want me to do?
Help me.
I can't. Not now.
What happened to the McCloud that everyone believed in?
That was 40 years ago. I'm an old man.
Are you all right? What's the matter?
You gotta go.
Don't remember this day for a thousand years.
The day we protected the planet from the sun.
I'd like to bring up two beautiful people that I spent a lot of time masturbating thinking about them.
And I hope you do too.
And if you don't, I don't know what's wrong with you sick fucks.
Please, welcome to the stage.
Dr. Hal and Princess Wee!
Thank you, Mandy.
What we're going to do is recreate for you a subgenius traditional hymn.
And like all these traditions, they start to evolve.

And they start to mutate the moment they happen.
So to stabilize the lines, we have got little cards which should keep most mistakes from happening.
But at any rate, hello everybody.
Hello.
X day is here.
The mountains fall.
I cringe and hide my head.
I never send in my 35 bucks.
My soul is filled with dread.
Oh Bob, won't you let me live?
And all that is mine, I John Shirley will give.
Oh lift me away in your great song.
Oh, I'm a lost ship to my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away in your great shining ship to my subgenius home.
I laughed at Bob.
Ah, woe is me.
I thirst for slack in vain.
For here he now sits and smokes his pipe.
I must have been insane.
I saw the pinks and normals flee.
The dreadful harvest from the sky.
In millions they in agony.
And not one of them knows why.
Oh Bob, won't you let me live?
And all that is mine, I John Shirley will give.
Oh lift me away in your great saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away in your great shining ship to my subgenius home.
The towers of the proud did fall.
There was no shelter from that storm.
While from far above the subgeniuses watched.
In comfort safe and warm.
But then I woke.
It was but a dream.
True slack can still be mine.
I wrote out a check to Ivan Stang.
And signed the bottom line.
Oh Bob, now I may live.
And all that is mine, I John Shirley will give.
Oh lift me away in your great saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh bear me away in your great shining ship to my subgenius home.
It is the last time I will see you.



To my subgenius home.
Thank you, Fat Maggie of Pittsburgh.
I'll be right here.
And we'll be sending that little almond-eyed gray humanoid around to your door to collect those organs.
So he'll be in the cute little uniform.
So don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear in the dead of night as you try to sleep.
They're your friends.
They want to teach humanity and lead us into a new age of enlightenment under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
Now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison with little aliens standing around outside the vat wrapping, tying napkins around their necks, sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad because you've just fell into the hands of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa!
They're not like the thing.
That was a cuddly little Benji of an alien compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves among monsters compared to what we're talking about.
That is in the box.
What we're talking about is more like what's growing in your refrigerator right now.
That's what it looks more like.
That is in the box.
The effect is...
It turns you into the alien.
But man, take my word for it.
It's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool.
You'll love it.
It's for your own good.
What's the matter, you fray?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man.
Everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien and collect the dew that builds up on the side of its neck like a appendage.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize your head.
Okay?
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener that I'd have to explain that to.
Now are you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Bye.
Yeah, I think they know just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first and good.
I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the hillside with your bat call and blow into the bat call.
It's not like a moose call or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
Yeah, but it's super...
This is superfluous, cock.
I give you the wrong name.
And just make sure you...
Make sure you've got your antidote pudding ready for when that bat lands on your face.
You're going to have to use that pudding mighty quick.
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Come on, everybody's doing it.
I ain't never going to do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible to peer group pressure?
I'm too old for it.
What are you, some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
No, no, no.
Good.
Then you'll take this little alien home and...
I am a weirdo.
Hey, stop rubbing your...
I'm not doing the game.
I don't think there's a reason for her to be confused.
There's something you find when you open the door.
You take these keys, and one of the keys says Bob on it.
You stick it in the lock, and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky, the green carpet rolls out.
And if you're not...
The red carpet rolls out.
Yeah, back in my day, we didn't care about expiration dates.
We didn't even look at those things.
They were just complicated codes.
We didn't believe that type of stuff.
No one knoweth his expiration date.
Yeah.
And now you notice they don't even print expiration dates.
It's all sell-by dates.
You can take a picture with your cell phone.
Everything's got so many preservatives in it,
and none of it expires.
It's all pretend.
They're just making you think,
oh, this has got a limited lifespan.
You're going to have to throw it away,
buy new ones.
Well, good luck in buying a new can of Diet Moxie
in this neck of the woods.
Whoever heard of a Twinkie expiring?
I mean, come on.
Well, they say in their ads that Twinkies are baked fresh
and so forth.
Preposterous, but they make this bald-faced assertion.
They found Twinkies in the ancient pyramids of the pharaohs
that are still piping fresh the moment you open them.
Yeah, perfectly good.
That's a lie.
That's total...
Okay, they were snow cones.
They weren't Twinkies.
They were those little snow cone things.
They were Little Debbie's, damn it.
What's wrong?
They're snow cones like snow cones.
We were once driving behind a Little Debbie's van,
true story,
and the back of the van opened up,
and out came a big box full of delicious
Little Debbie oatmeal cream-filled cookies.
And I thought, my God,
this is the best slack I have ever encountered.
But, dear Dad,
I couldn't believe shame.
Here's a Шاصлы как на Diese.
Fantastic.

because I'd never thought
There was aadventure production
through Twinkies in the very early 50 years.
But at the time,
there were a whole bunch of Christmas candy
that I listened to for three years.
And as I watched that expansions was umaiding,
It was dry.
Yeah, the oatmeal ones are good.
Yeah, the oatmeal ones are great.
But this is like, where's the lesson in this?
And I did learn from that occasion.
Your story reminds me of those irritating newspaper stories of chumps who see money fall out of the back of armored cars.
And then they return these bags of cash that they were too inept to guard.
Because it's the honest thing to do.
Oh, yes.
The bank is really going to...
Well, Miss Bertha, thank you so much.
And as a special reward for you returning this $3,476,000 to Chase Bank,
we are going to give you this certified check for $100 to give to the charity of your choice.
Or to put against the foreclosure which our bank is busily contriving for you.
Well, the important thing, friends,
is,
if you're walking through a parking lot and you see a $20 bill on the ground,
go ahead and pick it up and put it in your pocket.
I do.
But don't stop there.
Look around and see if there isn't a bullet-ridden bank robber with a sack of $20 bills.
Well, you want to be careful with those.
Because people come looking for them.
Behind the bushes, you know.
That's the big mistake so many people make.
Oh, my God, I found a $20 bill.
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
And they walk right by the dead bank robber with a sack of $20.
Well, the old Civil War soldier who wants to tell you where all the gold is buried.
Don't be like that silly, inobservant subgenius.
As he clutches a .45 pistol in his bloody hand,
some remaining muscular spasm might cause him to tighten his finger on the trigger
while you try to pull the blood-smeared bag out of his cadaverous grip.
So you don't want to pour any of that last bit of liquor out of your small little vest pocket canteen.
Hey, well, we've got a new episode of Breaking Bad.
Let's send him the script.
Into his son parking lot.
Large lips.
From PR News in Washington, I'm under fire on a highway south of Mexico City, injuring two people.
But Mayor Michael Bloomberg says this is PR News.
Lance Armstrong will no longer be called seven-time doping champion.
Armstrong maintains he's tired of doping embassy personnel.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel met the Greek Prime Minister in Berlin today
and said she wants PR News in Washington.
Then revealed false important personal hench members dot com.
While the美元-era increasingly
controversial
Indo-Bolivianmoments match Clay Việt's

We're asked to bring a man they weren't interested in.
Somebody brought Bob.
And the rest is history.
I love that.
One woman's trash is another woman's treasure.
When you go in in the morning, you say hi to everyone,
and then for some reason throughout the day,
you have to continue to greet these people all day every time you see them.
If you walk in the morning, morning Bill, morning Bob, how you doing? Fine.
You want to find Bob?
Yes.
And what made you think he'd be here?
Well, this is a church, and people who believe go to church.
Exactly.
So why would he be here preaching to the choir?
Shouldn't you be embracing my decision?
Based upon what you've told me, no.
Look, I'm sick and tired of people turning to Bob for the answer just because they've turned 30.
No, I am not looking for answers. I just...
Bob may be a woman. Did you ever think about that?
What if he were female?
What's your point?
My point is, you could just be looking for a man.
Having struck out on Earth, you're turning to the heavens.
Why not start at the top?
What?
What kind of a wacko minister?
I mean, I'm here looking for my holy savior.
You're here because you have a void in your life.
Is it spiritual? Is it emotional?
It could be just sexual.
And if that's the case...
Oh, yes, I'm looking to make love to him.
My friend Mary says he's amazing in the hay.
You're looking for a husband, not Bob.
What if you'd found some guy last week?
Would you be here today?
Or might you be...
in a motel somewhere calling out Bob's name?
Let me talk to her.
He's not running a Lonely Hearts Club. Tell her that.
You have to forgive our minister, Mr. Penishead.
We just did a recent survey,
and 70% of our single congregants join church to meet somebody.
Ugh.
He's frustrated.
Oh, it's a lonely world.
Time takes a cigarette.
Put it in your mouth.
You pull on a finger, then another finger, then a cigarette.
The wall to wall is calling.
It lingers, but you forget.
Oh, no, no, no.
You're rock and roll suicide.
You're too old to lose it.
You're too young to choose it.
You're too young to choose it.

But the clock waits so patiently on your song.
You'll walk back the cafe if you don't eat when you've lived too long.
Oh, no, no, no.
You're rock and roll suicide.
Shepherds are snarling as you stumble across the road.
But the day breaks instead, so you will be home.
Don't let the sun glass your shadow.
Let the milk floats ride your mind.
It's unnatural, and blitzly unkind.
Oh, no, little love, you're not alone.
You're watching yourself, but you're too unfair.
Got your head all tangled up.
Violently make you care.
Oh, no, love, you're not alone.
No matter what or who you've been.
Got your head all tangled up.
Analyzing to lacerate your brain.
I've had my share to help you with the pain.
You're not alone.
Just turn on me and me.
And you're not alone.
So turn on me and me.
And you're not alone.
So turn on me and me.
And you're not alone.
And you're not alone.
Give me your hands.
And you're not alone.
Give me your hands.
And you're not alone.
Give me your hands.
And you're not long for.
Give me your hands.
How do you handle possibly now it may be time for somebody else to come along?
I've seen Bob drink human blood and consume human flesh and...
How do you handle Bob?
How do you handle him?
I mean, what do you say to people?
Do you just...
What it is, it's a symbol of a phallus going into a vagina.
And so that these people aren't human as we would know human, they've been pretty thoroughly demonized.
We go back in time.
You know, I know...
Bob.
No Bob, no slack.
But no Bob, no slack.
And thanks to Reverend...
Wilhelm Stahlhelm for making that timely collage.
Well, it was timely when I was assembling the show two weeks before you hear it.
That's time control, see.
And before that, that was the Duke of Uke live at 15X Day performing David Bowie's rock and roll suicide.
Praise the Duke of Uke.
And before that, a The Large collage.
The music in the background right now is The Slot Rods live at 15X Day.
And this show is The Hour of Slack.
1,378 from the Church of the Subgenius as seen on TV and at subgenius.com.
Which incidentally has roughly 30,000 pages.
Praise Bob.
And now from Lemur, something bad.
From PR News in Washington, I'm even worse.
Hello.
But forecasters say in Colorado, Syria will be in Geneva for Stockton, California.
Along with residents of the Air Force Academy.
That's good.
What's next?
On Wall Street, 8115.
This is PR News.
I don't understand it.
As PR's violence tells us, PR's continue to rage.
PR News.
PR News.
PR News.
Yeah.
And stories and movie scripts like when Harry Met Heartburn in Seattle and many more.
PR's reports say it's PR News, Washington.
