Are you a voyeur?
Do you like to watch?
Uh-huh.
What's your name?
Bob.
Hi, Bob.
How are you?
How are you going to do with it, Bob?
Tell me.
Tell me how you're going to get my name in your room right now.
Uh-huh.
What would you do with it?
Oh!
Baby, if you came in my room right now, I'd want you to put your...
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah, Bob.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Do you think you can find...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Do you think you can find my sub-G spot, Bob?
Uh-huh.
Come on, baby.
Find it for me.
Uh-huh.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Four, three, two, one, go!
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slang, sponsored by the Church of
All of the Sub-Demons.
Oh!


Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!



























Well, now, you keep talking about this Bob
And yet, I've never heard, you sent me several of the books and the tapes and stuff over the years.
I've never actually heard Bob's voice.
I've never seen a photograph of him.
Well, you've seen plenty of photographs of him.
You pick up any old Better Homes and Gardens, Popular Science.
From the 50s and early 60s, Bob modeled for ads.
He's that guy with the pipe.
The grinning, sort of a Ward Cleaver-ish, Dick Van Dyke-looking fellow with this sort of slightly crazed grin.
And he's got a pipe.
You may have seen pictures of him spray-painted on bridge abutments and dumpsters and so forth.
Let me quote it.
I created light and created darkness, created goodness and created evil.
I, the Lord God, do all these things.
God is the source of evil and he admits it.
What's the burr under your saddle?
That's like if you hit your hand while you're nailing a hammer and close your penis in the door of a car.
Or like the channel changer maybe takes off and it's weird crap, man.
That's what it is, Captain Whiz Boy.
It's weird.
Did I disconnect the wrong person?
I don't know if that was.
It was a person, was it?
No, it probably wasn't.
Another one of those discarnate voices from The Void.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Speaking of The Void, how's your show?
I don't care.
He wants to go home.
I don't care.
He didn't want to come in.
I don't care.
What are you, all caught up with hours of slack?
You don't need anything?
I'm copying an old rerun of us being funny years and years ago back when we were funny.
Back when we were funny.
Yep.
Now we're just old and want sex.
Sure.
Speak for yourself.
I don't even want that.
I just want to go to bed.
I was talking to you about my plans to think of something absolutely new and revolutionary
which would change the whole face of the world.
The function of the Order of Dionysus Abasios is both the destruction of Christianity based
on the principles of the Satanic Bible as written by Anton Zander-Levay.
Being of teenagers from authoritarian slavery.
Adolescence is only a social invention by nature.
Teenagers actually are adults should be treated as such as puberty is nature's endowment of
adulthood.
And so they should be teenagers should be free to go out with older adults regardless
of how much older to become like a teenager to become one of them again.
Do you remember these?
Mother sits there and looks at the young child.
She says, my dear child, we're going out into the wide world and you're going to meet an awful lot of strange people.
You must listen to your mother.
Don't contradict her and always remember these words.
Don't take gum.
Don't take candy.
Don't get in strange cars.
Don't talk to strange men.
Keep your legs crossed.
Your panties up and come home from school in a group.
The poor little girl gets in a modern car today.
Even a Nash just for an instance.
Boy, the guy settles the car, pushes the button.
The bitch comes down.
He gets your head caught in the drink.
You don't even know you had it.
Right.
Because trying to prove that there is, you know, that there is or isn't a heaven or hell is like trying to prove that little pink elephants don't exist in another galaxy somewhere.
We can't prove it.
But personally, Satanists do have principles, whereas an anarchist will do just whatever he wants to do with your life.
And being out of control is very unsatanic.
Do you like lying?
Because your name's not Eric and you're the jerk of the day and goodbye.
And oh, no.
Don't tell me.
They gave me Ron from Seattle.
Bobby, how's my lying, pandering carnival barker of hate and misinformation today?
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Bob, listen.
Please give me my time.
That's right.
I'm Terry Carr from the voice of the Midlands.
Midlands Radio.
All the way from Leeds, Lancashire.
And tonight we're going to have a very interesting guest.
He says he's the man who is responsible for, if you've heard of it, I'm sure some of you have, the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm sure you've all heard of the name Bob.
I've seen some of the quotes.
I've seen some of the graffiti around town lately.
And is it a satanic cult or is it just another little hyper kick, a group of crazies on the land looking for some fun?
We'll be back in five minutes after some words and we'll be talking to Reverend Armit Say.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
You've enjoyed Garrison Keillor's homespun storytelling for decades.
now delight as America's heartland humorist brings to life the most memorable event of the decade,
Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots.
Old Mrs. Laramie was surprised at the ease with which she was able to waltz out of that electronic store
with the new stereo boombox.
But then the store was owned by the man.
And of course she didn't know how to hook it up,
so she put a call out to the fix-it man, Otis Brown.
And he said to her, he said, Mrs. Laramie, he said,
you got blood all up on the side of this thing.
And she remembered just how on her way home she had used that boombox to clock a Korean grocer.
Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots, available on cassette from the Public Radio Catalog.
The L.A. Riots
No matter how many rules you have,
you're still gonna die.
With missionary zeal,
you spit on the fur coat.
You have to wear the leather jacket.
You eat cheese from a goat.
Lay a march and you ride.
And you throw and you scream.
All you do, everybody, is scratch in a big ugly machine.
Or get the correct.
God tell me what to do.
You got blood all up on the side of this thing.
No matter how many rules you got set,
you're still gonna die.
Love and früher bandicoot.
bass solo
guitar solo
drums only
what it means
how harmony

how harmony
how harmony
how harmony
How marionette


Let the PC without seal cast the very first stone
But if you live in a gas house, you better leave me alone
Unless you're a duck-eyed hermit, you're probably the problem too, my friend
You've been sucked into the corporate death fence
You owe the Mercedes-Benz, Mr. Correct
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many moves you got better
Still don't wanna do
Do, do, do, do your thing
Do your thing
Lie in bed

You're a idiot
Bang, wagging puppet
Now you're drunk just like us
But you think you're a mother
Nothing but a prude
You're afraid of sex and nudity
A vegetarian in Doc Martens
With a game of stupidity
Mr. Correct
Don't tell me what to do
Do that part again
Oh, Mr. Correct
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many moves you got better
You're still gonna die too
No matter how many moves you got better
You're still gonna die too
Mr. Correct
Mr. Correct
I'm talking to you
Mr. Correct
Hey, Mr. Correct
Hey, Mr. Correct
I bet you got your back to work every day
You're living a sick life
You're the power of the house probably
You're not sure you're a good kid
You're lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying, lying
Hello
Hello, friends, and welcome
The sermon tonight is entitled
What If?
It is called that for good reason
Because you see, everywhere I go across this great nation
Everywhere I tour, every performance I give
Some sincere but misguided Christian
Accompanied me in the parking lot
And barks a curse we've all heard a million times
For the last 2,000 years
Sinner!
They shriek, eyeballs bulging and bony finger pointing
You may laugh now
But come Judgment Day
What if?
You're wrong!
You're wrong!
You're wrong!
If I had but a dime for every time that thinly veiled threat was hurled towards the subgenius
I'd have more money than all the trial lawyers in California and New York combined
Yet, as mean-spirited as this rhetorical question sounds
It is in fact a legitimate challenge
What if, Bob forbid, we are wrong?
What if, Bob forbid, we are wrong?

What if, Bob forbid, we are wrong?
Such a premise is difficult for subgenius to contemplate
Such a premise is difficult for subgenius to contemplate
Because one of the cornerstones of good salesmanship
Is confidence in the product
We will succeed because we know we will succeed
It is a self-fulfilling prophecy
To even question the outcome is not only defeatist
And anti-Dobbsian
It is the subgenius sacrilege!
It is the subgenius sacrilege!
And yet, in the interest of open theological debate
We will consider just this once
The question of what if we're wrong
Now theoretically speaking
Not that it is statistically probable
But hypothetically imagine if you can
A world come July 5th, 1998
Where there is no excess invasion
Where there is no excess invasion
Oh, it's painful!
It's painful, dear friends, I understand
But remember, this is only theoretical
A planet that is not surrounded by an angry alien spacecraft
A globe not littered
A globe not completely polluted
With the corpses of conspiracy dupes
Oh dear friends
It would be a sick society
Still dominated by paints and normals
An earth where corporations, governments and well-equipped armies
Still loyal to the system
Continue to uphold the status quo
They fight to maintain their tight totalitarian grasp
On the very throat of freedom
Oh, it's a nightmarish vision indeed
One that makes my head spin
But one we will contemplate nonetheless
In the interest of free and open debate
Yes, dear friends
This dark future of Dobbsian defeat
And conspiracy conquest
This desperate future
Where the last subgenius forces are holed up
In the underground bunkers
Awaiting the final onslaught
By conspiracy mercenaries
Is a vision we do not want to contemplate
But we'll this one last time
As the Kelvin bombs explode
Far above on a planetary surface
Stay and use subgenius gemmels
Huddled beneath a flickering light bulb
Pouring over maps of subgenius tunnels
Subway tunnels and underground sewers
Examining any and all possible attack routes
They will be determined
Determined to fight to death
And take the maximum number of normals with them
Why?
Because we hate you!
They will be dedicated to honoring Bob
Through a dignified Dobbsian death
It is even
It is then
That some weak of heart heretic will step forward
For probably some Bobby
Who always dreamed of being a real subgenius warrior for wartime
But when the chips are down for Dobbs
Wants to cash out
This weak-willed wannabe Bobby
Will show his first real courage
When he steps forward and whines
The Reverend's staying
You promised we'd have something to show
For our membership fee
The bunker will fall silent
Like a tomb!
The collected gas
Will cause the barometric pressure to plummet
The bobbing above will pause in divine reverence
Stain will slowly turn to the trembling traitor
Glare into his frightened little face
And with the thunder of Daniel Webster
Will proclaim the same answer
I gave the Christian in the parking lot
And that is this
Even in hell
We'll have the one thing
The conspiracy tried to deny from us
All our living lives
The one human right
They'll never be able to take from us again
No matter how much they lie about what we did
Or what they didn't do
It's the one virtue Christians will never obtain
No matter how much they beg
Pray or grovel to their God
I'm talking about respect!
Self-respect!
The only commodity that can't be bought
Traded, negotiated, or stolen
In any of the conspiracy marketplaces
Appreciate!
Hallelujah!
It's a concept foreign to all pinks and normals
Who serve the system
They may have stolen our freedom
Our slack and even our lives
But by virtue of our very defiance to them and their ways
We've earned a self-respect they can't even pretend to want
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because their religion is based on submission
While ours is based on independence
Yes!
Praise God!
Give me a praise, Bob!
Praise God!
So that, dear friends, is our answer
That's what we get even if we're wrong
Come Judgment Day
The honor and dignity of self-respect earned
Through a lifelong fight for independence and freedom
Only the devil could possibly resent a man
For wanting to be free
Any God that wouldn't want his followers to be free
Is no savior but a tyrant
An enslaver of souls
A devil in disguise
And that leads me to my question
To the Christian
It's terribly original, so brace yourself for it
What if
What if you're wrong?
Come Judgment Day!
Praise God!

Please think carefully before you answer, dear friend
Because remember
Your very soul dangles in the balance
Come and it's the word of our praise, Bob!
Amen!
Praise God!
Praise Father Joe Mama!
Oh yes, dear friends
Praise Father Joe Mama
A beautiful, beautiful sermon there
From the Pittsburgh Revival
A couple of weeks ago
Yes, and what else do we have there?
Oh, Mojo Nixon's song, Mr. Correct
From his new album, Whereabouts Unknown
We heard Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots
From the Not For Broadcast album by The Onion
And a little bit of Bleepo Abernathy
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave
Trying to introduce the church
In his first with distracting media briefings
And a little bit of garage material
From Reverend Nick Nolan
And of course, Bob Larson
But you know what, friends
What Father Joe Mama was saying
About that one side of the conspiracy
It makes you wonder
It makes you wonder which side of the conspiracy is running things
I started getting paranoid about
Well, uh
The Masons, let's say
Let's just say
For all I know
I'm really worried about the Illuminati
But, uh
You know, it started with that
America Online logo
Which is a triangle with a circle in the middle of it
Looks just like the old eye in the pyramid
Or the eye above the pyramid
You know, and uh
I mentioned that to my friend Emot
And Emot said, oh, that's just the beginning of it
Haven't you noticed those, uh
Triangles in the eyeballs?
Ball shapes are just everywhere
And in fact, they've even gotten quite obvious about
The names of these businesses
You guys ever notice the red arches
That form a big M of the Sonic hamburgers?
Get it? Sonic?
Masonic?
I think I'll have Masonic Burger now
Or, he goes, did you know that Philip Morris cigarettes
And General Foods were both owned by this gigantic conglomerate
Kraft Foods?
Kraft?
The, as in, the Kraft?
Yes, friends
And not to mention when they replaced that Popeyes
Place next door with Church's fried chicken
Uh huh
But it doesn't stop there
If you look around
Next time you drive through town, friend
Just keep your eyeballs open
You may see things you didn't want to see
Buildings one after another that look like
Well, like the Temple of Scythe
Or the Temple of Solomon
If it's not the arches
It's that Temple of Solomon shape
That you see etched onto Masonic aprons and symbols
My old supermarket nearby here
Menards, I believe he pointed out
Looks just like that
All of the Sam Walton stores
Walmart, Sam's, Hypermart
They're in the grand Masonic design, my friends
Computer places
Computer City, Discovery Zone
The Best Buy stores
All subtle Masonic symbols
And go buy your local water pumping station
The gas company
The gas company in most small towns
Is in the same building as a Masonic lodge, my friends
The electric company
They all, all of them, my friends
Are part of one conspiracy or another
You know, but what do they
You try to talk about things like this and
They call you
Well, the polite term
Conspiracy researchers
Or conspiracy buffs
Or conspiracy nuts
Or conspiracy kooks
Or conspiracy crackpots, my friends
Those are the real polite terms for
The folks who attempt merely to lift the veils
Peer under the rocks
And pry into the business of the authorities
So called
What I want to know is for you guys
My friends, how come the conspiracy researchers
Get worse pressed than some of the conspiracy perpetrators
Heh, it must be a conspiracy
And you know, I can wax as sarcastic
As the next guy about some conspiracy theories
I like to think I'm skeptical to the bone
But I actually do believe a large percentage
Of those conspiracy theories
And worse still, I believe in the conspiracy
Yes, the plot
By ordinary, normal, everyday people
To label conspiracy researchers as loonies
Or as part of a conspiracy
Now, contrary to unpopular, bending friends
It's still possible to use mass media
To expose mass media conspiracies
But you have to couch your expose carefully
You have to make it look like a satire
Or a comic book
Or a radio show
Like this one
Which is pieced together from the dead parts of history books
And of course some conspiracy theories are just that
They're just theories
Improbable, paranoid
Predicated on a few facts
Like the one about the masons creating the grains
They've obviously got it backwards
Others are founded on pure coincidence
And these, I would consider kooky, wouldn't you?
And you know, one man's apparently
Paranoid lunatic as the next man's dedicated researcher
And, uh, you know, the problem is the domino effect, though
There's those who see conspiracies everywhere
Literally everywhere
The crazy old bircher lady who feels commies under her bed
Is just a stereotype
Nor is the religious nut who sees Satanists everywhere
Nor the UFO cultist who mistakes something
That could be cured with Prozac
For messages from the Space Brothers
But you know, there might be something to some of it
And once you're fairly sure of one conspiracy theory
Start to tie into neighboring conspiracy theories
And pretty soon you'll believe in quite a few conspiracy theories
And you'll start to sound like one of those nuts
Unless you're selective about who you tell it to
And that's one of the things that inclines you towards the conspiracy view of history
It's the way the more trusting people around you respond to the very idea
And you know, try discussing the CIA's more heinous misdeeds in polite society
People edge away
They just can't allow themselves to believe that men whose portraits still hang in city halls and corporate headquarters
Were in fact in the middle of the world!
And they're not a game more of monsters and eager collaborators with Nazis!
Cause that would imply that that smiling, rosy-cheeked, glad-handed politician they just voted for
Might be involved in something worse
Paranoia has a bad rep these days
But as the ancient saw goes
It's not paranoia if they really are out to get you
And they are!
People should be a lot more paranoid
And a lot of so-called normal people are!
And a lot of so-called normal people are!
Oh, they're in fact as paranoid as you can get.
They're just paranoid about the wrong things.
Since the FBI has no proof for organized satanic ritual murder cults,
the many little Christian fundamentalist conspiracies have invented them.
The same guy who can't believe the Army could ever do anything evil and anti-American
may be convinced that the devil sends heavy metal bands out to corrupt our youth.
He's paranoid about marijuana feeds, but he drives drunk.
He's paranoid about sex and violence on TV,
but thinks everybody should have their own automatic weapon.
He's learned that the media is controlled by liberals
because he listens to right-wing blather all day long on the radio.
Shut up, little man.
Nobody asked you to say anything.
Shut up.
Shut up, little man.
Shut up, little man.
Put the burr under your saddle.
The burr under the saddle is you trying to shut us up and tell us where to hell.
Jesus says, believe in me or to hell with you, and I don't like that.
I'm getting tired of you guys trying to tell us where to go, what to do.
I'm not telling you where to go and what to do.
God's telling you what to do or where you're going to go if you don't do it.
But you know what?
What?
That's not a choice.
That's coercion.
How do I know I'm not talking to a disembodied alien right now?
Well, if you don't have a clue that you're talking to a human being, then you're pretty stupid.
How do I know?
Prove it to me.
You can't prove it to me, can you, Bill?
See, ha, ha, ha.
You can't prove it to me, Bill.
You can't prove it to me.
Bill, Bill.
Empirically, you cannot prove it to me beyond any doubt.
To anybody that you've ever talked to, Bob, how do you know you've talked to anybody?
You're just living in a fantasy world behind a microphone.
Prove you've talked to anybody, including me, Bill.
Because there's repetition.
Because.
Because, my friend, I'm a human.
I have a human voice.
That's how you know.
Odds are you're talking to a bill.
Get real.
Just because you have a voice doesn't mean you have a brain.
Correct.
I would be more of what I would call a cubophilic Satanist as opposed to a pedophile.
Because everything that he says makes 100% sense and there is little or nothing that he says that you can argue with.
Hole.
Every single kid who says any word you put the perfect word you utter in his mouth has the face you make.
There's a way it starts.
But no one 얘기를 in the face with any of the best High School students.

Imagine being actually the co- DIY person if you hear your way through the wife speaking from the car.
As American.
Students saying, is this the free life?

Yeah, that's right.
רים please put your ass in there.


I'm afraid she's ever been here.
Well, fuck and take care of this thing.
The.
Icon and fire.
The dis.
He's heard and heard so long
Cause Toby has to have a girl to call his own
I must have a girl to call my own
For I am Toby, son of Goom
You pitiful, doving-legged earth fools
Milling about in your cage of only three dimensions
Toby, go find me a nymph
You don't know what real love is
Maynard, bring me a woman
Bring me a bongo, bongo baby
Give me a fury
A hundred of little furies
I want more
Bring me harpies with chests of steel
And bring me the furies themselves
I want Medusa
Yes, I will make love to Medusa
Let her turn me to stone
I could be no stonier of heart
Than I am already
If only the fools would leave me in peace
To complete my experiments
They want to know who I am and what I am
Well, I'll show them
I'll show them all
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, it's here in this dark cave on the Aegean Sea
Where lights have been seen for scores and scores of years
Fishermen have noticed lights in this cave
For a period of five weeks at a time
During the summer solstice season
And after that time, the lights appear to
These crop circles, or frock circles as they're called
Originally appeared in wheat fields in England
And Ireland
Ireland?

Scotland
Lately, they've been appearing as concrete circles
In the center of New York City in Chicago
Decorated with the bodies of mutilated cats
Mysteriously mutilated cats
What could this mean?
There are no secrets in the Church of the Subgenius
And I will not be endangering myself or my family in any way
Despite rumors to the contrary
Because you, dear listener
Will probably not believe a word of it
It's all just more quaint fiction to you
Just a lark, a joke
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Well, if the frock circles and the smoke from Bob's pipe
Are just a joke
Then what is your life?
Your very life, my friend
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Where to begin? Where to begin?
There are so many impossible stories and bizarre events associated with the church
that it is hard to choose where to start.
This is like the Lucians in the Hollow Earth.
It's like the matches.
It's weird matches.
I mean, these people from the...
To set the tone, let me tell you what I've seen with my own eyes
while visiting Palmer Vreedys.
Vreedys, actually the artist Hal Robbins, a.k.a. Dr. Hal,
in his San Francisco apartment in 1993.
Well, I...
Lies and Vreedys began an apparently innocent brag fight,
each proclaiming their abilities in the most outrageous terms.
But after a quarter hour without significant gain,
Vreedys began...
Vreedys became agitated and suddenly swept lamp and telephone from an end table.
He then seemingly lifted the table into the air without touching it.
It shot out the window and crashed onto the sidewalk two floors below where it burst into flame.
Vreedys changed the subject immediately and the event was never spoken of again.
Having set the tone with that story,
I can pretty much...
say anything I want to and be assured that no listener will believe a word of it.
On the same visit, I took a trip into the desert with D. Woodman Atwell of puzzling evidence.
A harrowing experience all around,
for I saw him apparently drive his truck through a concrete wall without damage of any kind to anything.
I was then shown a series of missile silos
from which shone beams of bluish-green light.
For a period of about two hours around midnight.
This is February of 1992.
There were a number of unusual gravitational and magnetic events in the area around this time.
There were also a number of what I took to be very large sandstone rock formations
which appeared to change positions when I wasn't watching.
You
think about it, though, friend,
I mean, really, reality, and even its distant relative history, are actually a hell of a lot weirder than any science fiction.
If something as far-fetched as Nazis getting paid by the CIA to train Middle Eastern fanatics to fight the commies can be real, and it is,
then why not the CIA and aliens conspiracy, huh?
I mean, if the CIA conducted mass experiments on the citizenry with LSD, and it did,
then why wouldn't it use some covered Christian organization to turn earnest young weirdos into Manchurian candidates
and make them kill anti-establishment rock stars or even presidents,
just to make all earners...
...and all these young weirdos look more insane than the CIA?
It's infuriating.
You know, you can't just uncover a conspiracy and leave it at that.
You always have to take into account the deliberate disinformation possibilities.
For instance, maybe the feds pay Bob Lazar to talk about crashed saucers on air bases
and souls stealing their gray aliens.
In order to distract researchers from something far worse!
The murkiness level can become literally maddening!
And that just might be the whole idea.
No doubt about it, you can go overboard, friends.
Why overboard?
There's those who believe the Holocaust was a hoax and all the rest of us are crackpots.
You know, heck, if you're gonna go that far, you might as well believe that World War II didn't happen
and the next logical step is to believe that nothing the press ever reported really happened.
And pretty soon, praise Bob, you've got mountains of proof that you're always right
and everybody else is always wrong!
And of course, naturally, the conspiracies that people tend to believe in are the ones that make them look good
and, uh, absolve them of responsibility.
...
...
...
...
...













...
...
...
...
...

...

...






called the Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
And to this day, thanks to that hoax, thousands of frustrated nasty old rednecks believe that the Jews control the world.
Now, believing that lets them off the hook.
The reason for their poverty and misery isn't that they're a bunch of lazy, ignorant, alcoholic po-buckers.
It's the Jews' fault!
Uh, but...
By the same token, bitter black people who think that all white people must be out to get them can find plenty of reinforcement in the nation of Islam cult.
Inevitably, friends, those who are the most paranoid about a particular conspiracy become a conspiracy themselves.
So where is the balance?
Which conspiracy theories should you believe?
For that matter, which conspiracy should you join?
Well, friends, we're here to tell you about the Church of the Subgenius.
You know, we started a lot of those conspiracies ourselves.
You can always come to Bob to find a conspiracy made just for you.
You can write to Bob.
I'm going to give you that free information post office box.
Just say, Bob, send me that free information.
And Bob is at post office box.
One.
Four.
Zero.
Three.
Zero.
Six.
That's box.
One.
Four.
Oh.
Three.
Oh.
Six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven.
Five.
Two.
One.
Four.
That's right.
Dallas, Texas.
That's where we're at.
I remember a time when I thought all that babble about multiple gunmen in Dealey Plaza and the Oswald Doubles and so forth was silly.
And it is getting awfully crowded up there on the grassy knoll.
But, you know, as I got more educated about the JFK puzzle, I learned.
I learned a terrible truth.
If you investigate deeply enough, sometimes you become part of the conspiracy.
I'm now a participant in the JFK cover-up.
I know why the Kennedy family had to go along with the Warren Commission.
But if I told, it would jeopardize lives.
Stop laughing.
I'll tell you, man.
You start out paranoid about them, and the next thing you know, you're one of them.
And maybe it's an infinite regression.
Maybe there's no escape.
Maybe there's no one single truth that everybody should believe in.
Not even Bob.
Maybe everything is a conspiracy.
You know, who knows?
Maybe one of these days we'll find out even that's not so funny after all.
Good thing this is just a comedy show.
Hehehe.
This is nothing compared to the bizarre political and extra-legal connections of the Church of the Subgenius.
Ivan Stang is known to have made trips to England and South America in the past few years to meet with, among others,
high-ranking members of the P2 Masonic Group,
and an organization of which the Priory of Scion and Bilderberger Group are sanitized fictionalizations.
Stang and Drummond are known to be 33rd-degree masons, and Stang's position in a control group hinted at as a Texas Mafia is hereditary through his father, an ex-district attorney for General Dallas.
Stang has employed a man named Doug Smith to pose as the real-life person of Ivan Stang.
Stang, however, is his real name, although he now uses the Smith name in his daily affairs.
I have met Smith and can assure you they are two very different people of interest.
They have entirely different capabilities.
Smith seems to be a victim of arrested development, and though he is the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet,
Stang is perfectly correct in calling him dumb as Dave.
I have never met Drummond, but the stories I've heard are as strange as anything yet.
Relate.
Now, I've seen the real Doug.
I've seen the real Doug.
And he is just...
He's as smooth as buttermilk pie.
He would never do a harmful thing to another human being.
This other man, now, you can see there's a big difference.
Look at his chin right there.
There's a big scar on his chin.
And I don't see how they can get away with that.
I've told all my kids so far that this is it with me.
Boy, I'm just giving up on everything the government ever said ever again.
I just don't believe it.
You see what that hit on Donnie here the other night?
That a man who could actually make a million, make a million, make a million, make a million, make a million.
We all should talk to our survivors and they talk about it.
You're right.
Donnie Jenkins.
I never.
So let's say pour about eight identical glasses of tap water.
Send your loving energy selectively into one of them, basically bless the water, eve the room.
They'll switch it glasses on you and then go up to the water's glasses,
with little dowsing rods and you'll find that the one that had been blessed is the one with the
largest energy field not only that but it's also the one that tastes the best it's the story of
the lost jewelry of Atlantis not that again well there it is in all its effulgent splendor because
we have with us Philo's brother oh yeah it's only in nomenclature that's true but you know I suppose
there are areas there are places where Philo is his brother that's true but it's never brought up
quite that way and so even on his business card it says Philo's brother yeah well and he is known
I don't know what the future is my mom sometimes refers to Philo as my brother though
your brother I just can't believe what he did this time I just have to get to the bottom of it
once and for all and whether a preference for poop dog hats runs in the family actually it's not
she doesn't ever say
you
your brother yeah your brother that doesn't make any sense because she doesn't even know my brother
my brother the sphinx or doesn't know Hal's brother so if you know our brothers you can
call us and if you know we are brothers brother go find your brother don't hang all out there
come on within the reach of my voice are truly my brothers
related to me by intimate ties
indeed
indeed
now let's go over that again you say you saw some sort of monster
yes that's my pet parakeet
and what happened to it
oh well he is the
whoa and there goes some
uh oh
that's what happened to pet parakeet Pete he was hurled out of a speeding taxi in the middle of a busy downtown intersection
then dragged in a phone booth while trying to make a phone call
you know Philo's brother is here
he's been forced to oh yeah that's right
this is not just a show I mean Philo's brother is here so if you have a question for Philo's brother that's right now what you want to do
that's right the topic tonight is Philo's brother do you have a question for
or a comment about Philo's brother
oh my brother
no that's not your line that's the other guy's line he says who's his brother
and then down here the scratched out part it says yeah don't be scared
scared what's going on
yeah
more flesh will creep you out
your heart will bump
uh etc and so forth
uh oh
punch the punch the wrong brain
punch the magic dragon
okay don't be scared and hang up just speak now don't walk don't walk green light speak go through the door
and speaking of dragons I could tell you about
and answer the phone
and if you're watching channel 2 you see that we've synced up every single sound effect
caller
hello
hold in
it's a slim lead I know but it might get us somewhere
police are there
just one just you
turn that caller to the cold and damp
there he goes oh Hal just turned him around now he's all cold and damp
that gets him evenly done on all sides so uh state short question please
the phone's busy so so go ahead and talk
you see there's so many different approaches to this question of bind over matter or transcendental reality
is when I breathe in I visualize the energy of the universe which is very abundant by the way this is the same kind of energy I think as the tesla technology energy field
is it's it's similar to the energy of consciousness or mind over matter it's a very powerful energy
so you imagine this energy coming into your belly button as you breathe in as you breathe out you breathe that energy through
uh in this case through the tips of my fingers laser like into the spoon and I become at one with the spoon
oh yes friends you too can become at one with the spoon
if you're ready to give your all to Bob or at least a 32 cent stamp
come on go for it man write for the free information
here's that number again it's got music by Arnold Mathis in the background okay here it comes
just write to Bob my friends at post office box 140306 Dallas Texas 75214
once again that's Bob

box 140306 Dallas Texas 75214
and as I said this is Arnold Mathis in the background before that before this we heard a little bit of puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell on the KPFA Berkeley subgenius or a non sub anti subgenius show whatever it is
and coming up more and having been more of Einstein's subgenius
and coming up more and having been more of Einstein's secret orchestra
that's ESO radio brought to us from WCSB in Cleveland praise WCSB
and oh and praise Reverend Mike Cole for interviewing that satanist Joe Autrich which we've heard little bits of in between we're just scavenging WCSB like crazy
and thanks to Steve Bevilacqua who rescued that on tape and put horrible music with it
and thanks to Steve Bevilacqua who rescued that on tape and put horrible music with it
oh what's uh who else should I credit oh Nenslow some of the disinformation about the church of the subgenius which I was reading there on with lonesome cowboy Dave and Chaz on that ESO show that was written by Nenslow I should definitely give Nenslow credit for that those particular lies about the church of the subgenius
I thought they were very effective lies myself one way or another
I thought they were very effective lies myself one way or another
So, we'll plunge back in.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well?
Well, I just don't know.
I just don't know.
I don't know.
I wandered into this little spook house restaurant or whatever it was.
They were all having some kind of a party.
And then they set fire to the walls and just kept partying away while the place burned down around them.
It was like a vision of hell itself.
But people just kept paying money, walking in, slinging drinks at the bar, their clothes on fire.
Instead of just laughing it up, it was as if they didn't feel any of it.
It was kind of a cult.
And in the end, they were all dead.
I stood outside and watched the place burn to the ground.
It was like they all acted like this was something they did every night.
You got me.
Don't ask me.
Man, I don't know nothing about it.
I'd just as soon stay here working at the quick shop for a buck, 280 an hour.
I ain't going to send my money to that preacher.
That's just what he wants me to do.
I'm supposed to believe in some kind of deliverance by alien space fellers.
And if I believe on Bob,
then I'm going to get to ride them escape flying saucers.
And I just, I don't buy into that.
Some of my friends, now some of my friends are believers.
Some of my friends are believers.
I'm not trying to put them down.
But I ain't going to give away all my worldly goods.
I've already been through.
I had religion once.
I was in the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Had me give my Cadillac away.
The world was supposed to end on April 23rd.
We all sat around Hilltop waiting for the end of the world.
After a while, we got bored waiting.
We lined off.
So I ain't going to fall for none of that stuff this time.
But you know what I heard that was really sad?
I saw in this newspaper, it said the Loch Ness Monster was dead.
I seen it right on the cover of that newspaper.
It's so sad.
It looked like a giant prairie squid or a big oyster with flippers on it and a cute little otter's head.
And she was, did you know it said in there she was over a thousand years old?
And left a little tiny baby Loch Ness Monster homeless.
Friends, you don't want to let that little baby Loch Ness Monster go hungry, do you?
No.
For in her belly are thousands of...
Spiderlings.
Well, here in the Church of the Subgenius, we offer special food and toys and modeling clay and clothing to those slackless children.
You know...
Even cosmetics and toiletries.
Those kids that you see the pictures of on milk cartons, they're not lost, friends.
They've just found Bob.
They are frolicking with the baby Loch Ness Monster now in a special swimming pool...
at the home for slackless children in Malaysia.
Oh, there is no secret Neptune agenda.
Look, Ness is... Ness is dead.
Ha ha.
It was all a big hoax.
Well, we prefer not to go into too much detail at this time about...
the origins.
Since our own research is not complete.
But the Church of the Subgenius does seem to have a direct connection with the program known among...
conspiracy nuts as the Neptune Agenda.
And in fact...
Neptune Agenda.
Yes, the Neptune Agenda, which we can trace the beginnings back to the discovery of sonar in 1915.
It's a watery, fishy theory of philosophy and conspiracy.
Well, it seems that after the first use of sonar to detect German U-boats in the North Atlantic, unusual and cryptic Morse code messages began to be received...
by listeners in 1915.
And in fact, the code was used in many different areas.
A separate code of a logarithmic nature was created to communicate with what turned out to be aquatic mammals.
I probably shouldn't elaborate further here because some of the things I've picked up about this seem very new-agey.
Nessian.
Stupid.
Having to do with ley lines and a global network of crystal skulls...
used as mind control transmitters to direct the actions of...
technologically advanced, or left-brained, humans.
I can hear the teller recurrence.
This is the way I navigate.
I move my body close to the earth.
The teller recurrence.
It will talk the insides of my earth.
Sonar.
Sonar.
You can hear the whales of the briny deep...
moan out their love songs.
They can hear me, yes, you can.
Lonesome cowboy dogs.
Dave up there on the prairie could hear them whales all the way out in the ocean.
And he knew he wasn't going to be lonesome for long.
He'd heard from old Bob what fun a giant cetacean, sea-going mammal could be.
Oh yeah, they're not that different from human beings, really, the way their bodies are set up.
They're warm-blooded.
Warm-blooded.
Mmm.
When you're in the freezing frigid air...
in the Atlantic Ocean...
and you got you a...
a kind of...
romantically inclined she-whale...
and you're a particular...
lonely cowboy preacher with a guitar...
you smell that ambergris floating on the seashore there.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You'll drop your sheep and your horses and just...
shuck your chaps and...
liquid-fired wind-rolls and...
go swimming right out there.
Oh yeah, lonesome cowboy Dave riding them dolphins all the way out to meet his queen,
the great blue whale in the center of the North Atlantic.
Yes.
Dave Tristed, just as had his mentor Bob.
But unfortunately, whereas Bob was man enough to handle a female blue whale,
Dave got tangled in the harpoon ropes and was last seen...
with his wooden leg a-floppin'...
as she sounded one last time.
On the Blue Dips with Davy Jones-Logger,
we've got a thousand-thinning stories of Neptune...
Yep, Dave's back down there underground,
underwater,
underneath the Great Web.
I can't...
I can't breathe.
I feel like I'm suffocating.
This is not as much fun as it was before.
I'm like, I'm just gonna relax and just bandage my...
Sheep.
He was deep, deep inside the blowhole of the she-whale.
He thought he was gonna be having some kind of a big, hot date that night.
And here he was, stuck halfway in the blowhole, halfway out.
She couldn't...
She couldn't...



spout.
And that's about all he could do.
Oh, baby, Leviathan be thy name!
I got a wooden leg!
He was...
But they later got over their marital differences,
and Dave took up residence inside Mrs. Monstro.
I'll take all the garbage, I will take all the garbage.
What can I take all the garbage out of?
All he had to do was occasionally empty the garbage out of Mrs. Monstro.
He'd scrape up the old license plates and tin cans and used syringes and so forth
that washed into her stomach that managed to get through the baleens.
He'd have to empty that stuff out now and then.
He was like a parasitic life form inhabiting the body of the she-whale.
Little mangan's here, little mangan's there, little harpoon cleaning here,
little...
Oh, it's so shiny!
The only...
Their only natural enemy was Eskimos and Norwegians who had broken...
and Japanese whaling boats who had broken the international laws against such things.
Dave was...
Dave of the whales.
I'll learn this baby's song, and then I'll record it,
and make a million...
million dollars!
And Dave thought he was gonna be a big rock and roll star with Cetacean Whale Song Rock.
See, now, these songs last about a year and a half.
It takes about two years to compose them.
I figure if I just shrink it down in a data bank,
it'll take away all the way down to, like, say, three vibrations for every 25 seconds,
I could have a perfect three-minute pop rock song.
Whale, whale, whale, whale, yeah!
Whale, whale, whale, whale, yeah!
But unfortunately, the new age composer, Yanni,
But unfortunately, the new age composer, Yanni,
beat him to it.
beat him to it.
And made all the big money.
And made all the big money.
Dave and his wife, the female blue whale, Mrs. Monstro,
Dave and his wife, the female blue whale, Mrs. Monstro,
were left in the gutter,
were left in the gutter,
singing bad country-western songs for...
hoping for spare change from the citizenry and tourists
who would walk down the boardwalk there.

Legending for men who never learned to live in the wild.

Losing out to a whale like that, a man like that,
there's something wrong with him.
Well, no actually, like I said the whale is not like it's a different order of animals,
they're mammals, they're not that different from a person,
they have a vestigial sort of hind leg and rather a longer tail than people do,
but you know they breathe air they cry tears they weep tears just like you or i well like you anyway
and they don't seem to be able to take very good care of their fingernails
the way is that this fungal growth seems to have traveled all the way
to the base of the spine and this basal area here is completely covered with the fungus
long cow babe don't you know what they're doing to yourself
prop prop zippy prop
