And now, the Self-Genius Hour of Slack!
Then, a step as important as any to happiness is the opportunity for self-expression.
If a boy is encouraged to have slack of some sort, he is no longer bored and at a loose end.
It is the slacker who is always ready for the companionship of him who finds some mischief still for idle hands to do.
Indoctrination classes begin this a.m.
And so, you see, they naturally fit everything. One size fits all.
You sit in the little chair here, and these restraining straps keep your arms and legs from moving around.
Oh, there's egg everywhere.
Yes, the egg will drop one at a time.
No, they just slipped on the egg.
They come down through this.
It's okay, somebody's come in to do some of it.
They are timed, so it's just as the yolk and the albumin is running off your head from the last egg that was dropped,
the timer drops another egg on your head at that time, and so the cycle goes.
And also, this high-pitched, high-intensity music will be played while you're lying prone.
What's up? What's up, homies?
A good day today.
And welcome, y'all, to Chap in the Hood.
Yeah, that's right. This show's hella down.
Yes. I am Sir Charles Laybridge Stuart Fotherington.
And these are my chums, Sir Fixer Blunt.
Hey, what's up?
Fahad Muhammad Rakim.
Peace to you, my brother.
And my main homeboy, Butterknife.
Hey, y'all, what's up?
I say, what's up, G-Dog?
Man, homies, just chillin' and shit.
And to my old-school peeps doing time in Stoney Lonesome, keep your heads up.
Fight the power, my brothers.
Yeah, fight the man, yeah.
Well, what we do here is discuss the contemporary issues of the day that confront our post-9-11 society,
along with some scammin', slammin', and of course, jammin' with the OGs.
Yeah, keep it real.
Aye, it's all good.
You join us as we were discussing the difficulty of easily obtaining large quantities of dank in a security-obsessed society,
I was voicing the opinion that...
What? Oh, shit!
Oh, wow.
Aye, yo, heads up.
A carload of members of a rival crew has suddenly rolled up on our crib.
Damn.
I say, homies, heads up on this shit.
We don't know what they intend.
Yeah, watch out for that shit.
Oh, my.
Look through the door, brother.
Damn.
Someone is approaching the door of our humble cottage.
Damn, watch out for that.
Look out.
Damn, careful.
It's all good, gentlemen.
Do not fret, for I got my hand in my pocket and my fingers on the trigger.
Aye, it's all good.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Got your back, fool.
Got your back, brother.
Hello, hello.
What's all this, then?
Good heavens.
It's Sam Smythe, the most infamous dodgy bastard this side of the Atlantic.
Yeah, that's right, Charlie, and I'm here because I'm right pissed, you git.
Oh, dear.
What seems to be the trouble, dear chap?
You've been stealing some of my best raps, mate.
I'm right fit to cap your arse right now.
I know you blokes are biting my lines, and now that I've caught you, your arse is mine.
I'm terribly sorry.
I don't understand, my good fellow.
Aye, you see, this fool's sayin', like, uh, you, like, stole his rap and shit.
You know what I'm sayin'?
You, like, you, like, stole his rhymes.
Ah, ha.
You, like, stole his rhymes and shit, yeah.
I see.
Well, dear chap, I have the advantage.
You see, I got a dove sack, and my posse's got my back.
Got your back, fool.
And even if you got away, well, then, we gotta follow you home with the chrome.
Aye, we got you covered.
Well, mate, my boys got your arse surrounded like, outside.
So I got the drop on your sorry arse.
Shit, he's got homies all up in this shit.
Oh, shit.
You got a hell of homeboys out there.
There's a hell of fools out there.
So, will you admit you ripped off my best snaps?
I say, this does look like a bit of a standoff, for I cannot recall biting a single rhyme of yours.
Look, sport, don't make me break you off something.
Do you know, I believe a few caps on your arse will quieten you down, my dear boy.
Right, well, then, there's nothing else for it.
Aye, aye, you better not try, motherfucker.
Aye, step up, fool.
Get that motherfucker, man.
I say, before we do this thing up,
up proper, I couldn't help noticing that it's 420.
Aye, aye, it's 420.
Shut your pie hole.
Blimey, you're right at that.
And you do know what that means.
Oh, yeah.
420, that's the type of smoke.
420's down for this old school bloke.
Well, then, how about some hits from the bong, as it were?
Do what now?
Hits from the bong, old boy.
You see, a bong is a water pipe for smoking denk.
The denk is filtered through the water.
When you take a fat hit, the pressure drops in the holding chamber,
so the smoke gets pulled through the water.
You think I don't know what a bong is?
I rolled in that get low hood too, squire.
Let's take some fat green hits from that five-footer.
Hmm, hmm, yeah.
Oh, all right, governor.
Oh, what is that, eh?
Ah, yes.
Oh, yes, lovely.
Ah.
Blimey, that's the chronic, that is.
I know this is clogged, eh?
Say, that pipe's bugged.
It's hella clogged.
Let's roll a fat one.
Yo, don't hide the crock, because I got the easy one.
Yo, look out with that cherry foot.
Oh, bloody hell.
We're gonna burn your shit.
What seems to be the trouble?
What, what?
Oh, bollocks.
I'll burn a hole in me brand new dicky.
Burn.
Ah, don't trouble yourself about that.
You may have one of mine.
What?
I say, butter knife, roll us some fatties, ho.
Damn, fool.
I already rolled up some hella fat spears.
Look at that fool.
Hey, I got the most in this hella...
Ah.
Oh, bugger.
Beam me up, Scotty.
That's the dank, that is.
Tally-ho.
Oh, blimey, mate.
Damn, I'm fucked up.
Damn, I'm always fucked up.
All this booyah has given me hella cotton mouth.
Yeah, it's worked up a right fine thirst in me as well.
Have you got anything to drink?
Oh, yes.
Are you down with Mickey's?
Well, uh, I...
I used to drink them every day.
Straight forties to the head, fool.
Uh, butter knife. Forties for us all.
It's all good.
Well, I suppose we must conclude our business, as it were.
Ah, damn.
Right, um, what were we on about?
You know, call me daft, but strangely enough, I can't seem to remember.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hey, hey, yo, they forgot what it was about the foster care. That's fucked up.
Yeah, that's hella fucked up.
Yeah, they forgot.
They forgot their shit.
Yeah, heh heh, they fucked up.
Hey, yo, trip on this, governor. You wanna go score a fat key then, Charlie?
Indeed. Let's go half on a bag of dank.
We could go down to the pub and bomb up on the Guinness, maybe throw a few darts like.
Oh, yeah, man, I'm all up in the Guinness.
Spot on. You've read my mind, old bean. Let's roll up on that place.
Damn, it's cold.
Well, once again, we out of here. So, as always, let me leave you with a final word.
A few words of pithy advice.
One. While you were at your job working nine to five, the Beastie Boys were at the garden cold-kicking it live.
And two. Remember, to all my peoples in the pens, keep your head up, keeping it real out in the field, y'all.
And if you don't know...
And if you don't know...
Now you know.
Now you know.
Let's go, brother. We go.
Come on, food.
Well, we've got a slide. This bit's been played out. See you around. Peace out. Cheerio. Pip pip and all that.
Uh, yes, dear friends, some collages by Fernandanande LeMurr and that chap in the hood.
What an amazing piece there. Chap in the Hood is by Ronald Redball of the Nets.
He's part of the National Cynical Network, and you can get information or check out their website.
He's part of a whole network of audio artistes and comedians, I guess. Our friend Reverend Phineas Narco is part of that.
That's www.NationalCynical.net or .com, .something. You can find it.
I've got a piece of news that I wanted to talk to y'all about. Whizzing by our planet by a mere 75,000 miles from being the biggest news story ever since news was invented.
And it's barely a blip in the media, friends. It'll be forgotten tomorrow. A tiny zit between some supermodel's breasts on a hair goo commercial. Check this out.
Astronomers have revealed that on June 14th and 18th, the Earth will be in the middle of a comet.
A new asteroid the size of a football field made one of the closest ever recorded approaches to the Earth.
It is only the sixth time an asteroid has been seen to penetrate the Moon's orbit, and this is by far the biggest rock to do so.
What has worried some astronomers, though, is that the space object was only detected on June 17th, several days after its flyby.
Cataloged as 2002 MN.
The asteroid was traveling at a speed of 1.5 miles per second.
It was flying over 10 kilometers a second, 23,000 miles per hour, when it passed Earth at a distance of only 75,000 miles.
It's a wake-up call, friends. If it had hit the Earth, it would have caused local devastation similar to that which occurred in Tunguska, Siberia in 1908.
Said Dr. John Davies of the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh.
If an asteroid were to approach close to an imaginary line joining the Earth and the Sun, it would never be visible in a nighttime sky and would be quite impossible to discover with normal telescopes.
Its arrival would come literally as a bolt from the blue.
Friends, we wouldn't even have known what hit us.
There'd have been a nuclear-sized explosion in Madagascar someplace, and every nuke in the Northern Hemisphere would have left its silo.
And even if they didn't go off, it'd be cloudy days and bad crops for a hundred years.
But will they learn? Hell no!
The X's give them this blatant warning, a shot right over their heads. And do they heed? No!
They go on with their pop stars and their sports and their worries about the textile contracts getting to the print shop on time.
Gabriel blows his horn right in their dumb-a-dog faces!
And they just kind of go, huh? And carry on with their fretful little lives.
Friends, nothing can shake them from their complacency.
You plop their most trusted symbol into their most trusted symbol and kill so many of them it's like spraying for bugs.
And still, they act just like bugs!
Friends, this rock will be back around again, and they'll still let it sneak up on them.
They could have been ready. If they'd been half-serious about all their nuke toys, they'd have seen this coming.
And even if it came out of the Sun like a bat out of hell, they could have used it for some hellish purpose.
A delicious target practice.
But no, friends, they wussed out again.
If they had any nut, they'd pay Dr. Legume to perfect that meteor magnet of his so that the next time it would hit them dead on and put them out of their foul misery.
But first, friends, let me get off and let Barbie slack.
Alright, the thing is...
If that meteor would have slammed into somewhere in America, George Bush and Dick Cheney would have gone attacking anything that moved in any part of the world.
Yeah, that's the other thing.
But they would have been in their nice little Bush penthouses.
All of our nukes would have gone off automatically. All of the other guys' nukes would have gone off automatically.
If the asteroid had only wiped out a few Bushmen in Australia, we would finish wiping off all of them.
But why couldn't it wipe out the Bushmen in Washington, D.C. and we would all be safe sleeping in our beds?
You can't say that. Dave, you can't say that kind of stuff.
Can you feel it?
No.
Can you emotionally...
Not on the radio.
You can't even emotionally feel it on the radio?
No.
Why not?
No, you don't really want a whole bunch of people wiped out unless it's been carefully planned by Bob.
No, you cannot specifically say anything about wiping out anything to do with the Bushmen.
You can make fun of the President all you want to.
Okay, I had a vague dream where he fell down the steps and he couldn't get up.
But Dave was talking about an asteroid from outer space.
Right, I was saying if it was more correctly positioned, our favor would have increased.
No, but just don't pick on GW.
No, because he never picks on...
I don't want a new FBI file on him.
Now Chaz, how come... You know where I heard about that asteroid that barely missed the Earth?
From you. You emailed me the news. I didn't hear anybody else talking about it.
It's kind of around, just like Planet X.
Well, it's just this little thing happening.
I hadn't heard about it either. Somebody emailed it to me.
Oh, really? It's not even a regular radio talk.
Isn't that synchronistic to you though that this occurred so close to your own day of X's?
I mean, just think of it. There is some sort of cosmic interlude.
Which bubbles beneath your pants. You can just see it. You can smell it too, unfortunately.
Well, the moral of the story is they paid no attention. They're not interested.
And the next time it happens, they'll go, oh gosh, what a surprise.
But we know it probably won't hit Brushwood now.
Hello?
Protection up in place. Too bad we didn't use our used old nuclear weapons as a shield against asteroids and callers from the beyond!
Everybody's looking for Osama, but I think he's hiding in the asteroid. I think that's where he's at right now.
I think his face is the face of the asteroid.
No, but I'm surprised no religious cults or anything aren't out there, you know, calling it for it to come back.
Well, they're always off base, much like, you know, the Church of the Subgenius.
But you, Wes, swore that he would improve his meteor magnet.
Yeah. Can I ask you about your mental health a little bit, Reverend Joe?
I don't have any.
You're taking these deep sighs. Are you on some sort of a Lincoln-ish drug or are you just a...
Well, I've got methane. I'm just emitting the methane right now.
He's lit, baby! He's lit!
I mean, it's like, you know, what's with all the...
You can run your house on methane if you eat enough beanery, my friend!
Well, I'm trying, but, you know, I've been trying to breathe it because I heard it was economical. Unfortunately, it's not working too well.
Well, you'll create your own planets in your bowels if you do, because methane is the crescent of all lifelessness.
We have a funnel over the house, so I'm trying.
Get no...
Woo-hoo!
My friends, that asteroid could have your name on it. There could be another big sister asteroid coming right behind 2002MM.
It could be B-O-B-1-3-0-1-3 with your name on its name tag, buddy. Your house address.
Wait, can we still advertise these states on the asteroid?
He's still talking over there. Ivan Stan can talk forever.
Yeah, he's speechifying and preachifying, bringing the word to the Midnighter, Ethan.
I want you to check a box next to each one of these that's a true statement.
Let's go get fresh eggs, ham, and bacon.
A true statement. I salivate at the sight of mittens. True or false?
Garlic. And, uh...
My father was a good woman. True or false?
A little salsa in there.
My mother dresses me funny. True or false?
I believe in an afterbirth. True or false?
This is a subgenius quiz.
I often lie to make people laugh.
I make myself obnoxious. True or false?
I prefer spiders to lima beans.
Spiders?
I think you're most likely dead, Tom.
Often I think I am a special agent.
The plan is to invade, to infest key men in government and industry with some alien force from outer space that seeps into the human body and takes over.
But let's leave things as they are.
I'm going to leave the kings of this world behind and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with another reading from the sacred pre-scriptures of the Church of the Subgenius.
And, yea, he climbeth down chimneys and delivereth us the gifts of the flesh and of slack.
He commandeth horned demons with cloven hoofs to take to the air and pull him in his chariot.
In glory.
For he knoweth when thou hast been sleeping and he knoweth when thou art awake.
He judgeth if thou art damned or worthy.
So heedeth this for thine own sake.
For his eyes are everywhere.
Like unto Big Brother?
He puffeth on his pipe and laugheth at our follies like a bowl full of Vaseline.
But yea, in his mercy he giveth us days off.
And he bringeth us goods, yet billeth us not.
So imagine, friends, somewhere in the snowy north, the Santa Bob trudges mindlessly on,
driven by strange forces to complete his nameless errands.
And he may show up at your house.
If you've been a good subgenius, let there be slack.
We've seen Santa on his way.
And he missed us by seventy-five thousand scant miles.
A Nordic... whatever the hell it is, trying to wipe out the planet.
I'm sorry.
That was just strange to see.
An asteroid with the face of Wotan narrowly missed the planet Earth.
Although we couldn't see its face since it was coming from the sun.
And I didn't even know it was coming until it was on its way away.
Yea, away.
Three days later.
Can we get away from Wotan and have our own gods like Bhutan and Cretan and, you know, the more friendly deities?
Oh, where have you been? Of course we've done all that. Been there, done that.
Oh, geez, that's what I wanted to hear. Poofty-poofty-poo.
I want an explanation.
Zeus, Wotan, Negi, the Old Ones, Nyarlathotep, the babbling idiot blind god who crawls at the edge of the rails.
I was like, Toph, the wide-eyed one, and Bhutan.
The old... the old faith.
Ba'athbel.
Gimme that old-time religion.
Gimme that old-time religion. Frying cows on the top of a mountain with half-breasted young women.
Lifting their hearts out and offering them to Mithra.
Are you listening, sheeple?
Are you listening, sheeple? As you turn into sand. As the vibrations from Big Dome and the corporations crush you down.
Yes, friends, Bob's gospel's coming through. The old ways are the best, and we're going to return. We're going home, friends.
Bob's going to take us home. We're going to party all the way.
And our suitcase is in our mind.
Your blues here on planet Earth are over, my friends.
We wish it is our desires.
Yes, yes, yes. Bob's going to take you home. Can you hear the angels singing? Can you hear that choir of nude, topless angels?
Bob will be speaking.
Table dancing angels, friends, on the escape vessels of the sex-dodge.
Quiet little confluence.
This X-Day, July 5th, this year, 1998.
Yes, friends, my faith in Bob rings true.
Your arms will be like mighty spider wings.
You'll swim in that pool of plasma. You'll swim in that pudding like a piece of cherry.
Unctuousness in that top of that scummy pie.
The river is rising.
And runs right through it.
Try to breathe. Try to breathe.
Bob's got a life preserver that he could go to.
A river of slack runs right through that Brushwood Folklore Center.
And your hands and his hands will merge in the castle.
And your brain and his brain will be one brain.
What the fuck, just...
He's got the whole world in his brain. He's got the whole world in his brain.
What if there is a form of life in space? Not on some planet, but just drifting.
Not life as we know it. With intelligence, yes, but pure energy with no organic structure. Invisible. Invisible?
Now the rocket passed through its path. It entered the rocket. It found living specimens of our form of life.
Cell organisms. Human. Exactly.
Now, if even by accident it could enter one of those structures...
What a way to invade the Earth.
Now look, sir, I'm not over intelligent, but will you...
If you saw the film, you know what happened.
Only God knows where and how far that rocket traveled.
Something got into that rocket. And it's found other forms of life.
The cactus.
You mean Kuroo?
The cactus.
He's now in the shell of the man being transformed.
If one of these cactus plants were subject to the same mutation, there could be an affinity, a union between plant and animal, with the ability to destroy.
And possess and multiply.
An alien cannot invade a dead man. We're merely using this corpse for a demonstration of placement.
You ever been in a cockpit before?
No, sir, I've never been up in a plane before.
You ever seen a grown man naked?
Shite.
Oh, X-Day, yeah.
I really don't care who's gonna be playing. Well, what do you mean, who's gonna play Saturday night? There is no Saturday night.
There's no playing neither.
There's only Friday morning at 7 a.m. forever and ever and ever. Look at this nice sunrise.
Until the bulls come, yeah.
A little bit chilly.
With their clubs and their truncheons.
Forever and ever and ever.
Yeah, they're gonna make us mad.
We'll just move to another camp, another X-Day, further on down the line.
Frogs down in the pond, making their little sexy sound.
Enjoy the chirping while you can.
We'll be eating out of bean cans five miles down the road, depending on whether the pig's coming out.
Friends, those of you who've been to Brushwood, I want you to listen to these sounds and be ready for a lot more.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Bounk.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
What they're doing is, it's these tiny little frogs that live in the ponds and they, as a mating call, they stretch their little frog penile cloacas as far as they do and they strum them.
They pull them real tight with one little forearm and they strum them.
Thus the phrase, pluck your magic twanger, frog.
Bounk. Bounk. Bounk.
Heard in the background.
Oh, man.
We gotta get more of these frogs.
Look, they're glowing.
Put them in the box here.
It always rains at X-Day.
Make sure they don't get out this time.
And you end up huddling under these teepees and tents with the pagans and the subjees.
It's not gonna be my truck.
It's not gonna be my truck.
It's gonna look like a regular truck.
It's gonna be a fine thing.
And that's actually where the show is, friends.
What's that?
Honestly is.
They're sure there'll be some preachers and some bands and all that stuff.
And a stage.
But when the really the best part of X-Day is when it rains and you're stuck with someone you didn't know before.
A bunch of weirdos that you really didn't want to get stuck with.
There you are.
You're stuck with them under the trees or under somebody's little tent.
Gotta share the same ovaries and the same can of beans if you want to get along with the flops.
You're forced to deal with the other subgeniuses.
It'll long have been raining down here, Sporty.
You're forced into it.
It's called involuntary slack, friends.
And sometimes it's the best kind.
Because you don't know what slack is.
But it could be something you never heard of before.
It could be something you don't think you want right now.
Like a job.
Can you believe there could be such a thing as a slackful job?
Believe it or not, there could be such a thing.
You don't know.
You don't know if it's gonna be good or bad.
You don't know if an asteroid's gonna come flying out of God's spitwad.
You don't know if you're gonna win the lottery tomorrow.
You don't know.
It may be someone else's today.
So you can either just not find out.
There's only one way to do that.
That's to do like the man the song says.
Just go ahead. Jump off the bridge.
Hey, you know, somebody was saying...
Please, let them all go to sleep behind you.
Now, if everybody jumped off a bridge, everybody jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too?
And I said, well, eventually, probably would.
You know, after breaking into every drug store and robbing...
I think that's really...
You know, wrecking Maseratis all day.
By then you'd have a big pile of humans and it wouldn't be much of a jump at all.
Right, it would cushion you.
So actually the idea is like moot, as they say.
Eventually, I'm thinking, you know, after ten years, wouldn't you get tired of being alone?
You'd get lonesome. You'd finally do what everybody else had done and jump off the bridge.
I'm lonesome.
If everybody jumped off the bridge.
I'm gonna jump off the newest bridge.
I don't know, really. You know, if you could get your hands on a real doll, you might...
You might idle your years away in plastic splendor.
Well, I mean, for a while. That's why I say eventually you wouldn't go, oh, look, everybody's jumping off the cliff.
Wait, are the other animals still here, though?
You'd let them jump off the cliff. You'd go out and...
You could use the animals as cushions, too, along with the dead bodies.
No, I'm not worried about cushions for the animals.
But...
Why not?
You're thinking about love and tenderness, right?
Well, I could go live with a bunch of chimps.
Well, a corpse can be pretty tender after it's decayed for a while.
Yeah.
And just be their king.
I could be the chimp king.
The king of the corpses? Oh, the chimps.
I thought you were gonna be the necro-king of the corpses.
Me, Chaz! Me, Bonobo King!
Five-finger man!
Yeah.
So maybe I could make it interesting. You know, a game of it.
And sperm monkeys?
If the other animals were still here. But if the other animals were not here,
and you were the only living, sentient sort of thing...
Mammal.
Mammal, yeah. If the lizards were all...
That wouldn't be much of a party if you were the only sentient mammal on Earth.
That would get even the lowest dog lonesome.
That's terrible to think about.
Yeah, I give it up.
In fact, why did you bring up such an ill pretext?
It's a prescription to begin with.
Eventually, you'd jump off the cliff too.
Eventually, it might be twenty years, thirty years.
So I'd get an AK-47 and I'd do target practice on the corpses, like for jokes and stuff,
and wear their hats and everything and take pictures of them next to me sitting in the chairs.
You know, I'd put my arm around them, you know.
But then if brought away, that would only last you a year or so.
Right. And then it probably wouldn't be too pleasant.
Then there'd be skulls.
Well, those would be fun to have bowling matches with and, like, new ball games.
With who?
Yourself. Don't... Think of the internal, man, Chaz.
You're so socially oriented.
It might be the best thing there is to have.
Wait, taps for the human race.
The Omega Man plays the bugle in the background.
When 2002 MN sister meteor eight times the size slams into Earth three weeks from now,
when he comes screaming out of the sunlight.
In that same position that he has been for the last 25 years since 9-1-1.
That fateful year, that fateful day, that fateful morning.
And here comes the Corps of Engineers to erect the dam now, the instant cookie.
And they're filling him up right away.
And there's the president off on his merry, merry way.
Another celebration of America, of our pride and our true feelings for ourselves.
As this day, the 379,000th day since the first day that everything changed,
begins once again.
And you'll be a fool to cry on that day, July 5th.
There'll be no crying on July 5th.
It's coming up.
1998, whenever that is coming up, yeah.
It's coming up in 2002.
There'll be no crying on that morning.
There'll be only happiness as we all take a dip in that pool, baptize ourselves,
what about us fellows that are in the detention center?
Are we going to have an easy time?
We're dead, huh?
Dive into the plasma pond.
Are you afraid to dive in, to plunge into the plasma pond?
It's wrong because there's nothing wrong with it.
It's fine.
It's wrong.
No, no, no.
It's wrong.
Because it's sin.
Mm-hmm.
And when did you become aware?
About five years ago.
Uh-huh.
What happened five years ago?
Came to know the Lord.
Oh, how special.
So back then, five years ago, at that time?
Intense, intensified.
It intensified, right.
Yes.
Right.
Did your life intensify?
I became kind.
That's wonderful.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we're going to see about that.
I'm going to, I'm going to, um, Bible, right?
Now, oh, but...
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm��ерж용


Let me, let me, let me
Take a look right here just tonight I don't like living too long





Yeah, of course
And here's to you



Oh, yeah
Isn't me
The your
Baltimore

all right
For reasons both sociological and psychological,
these three have never joined or been invited to join society.
They have never experienced love or friendship
or formed any lasting or constructive relationship.
But today, at last, they will become a part of something.
They will belong.
They will come a little closer to their unrealistic dreams of power and glory.
Today, finally, they will join the stupid, ghastly, tragic Church of the Subgenius.
Please remove your jackets and roll up your left shirt sleeves.
Yeah, yeah, my spaceship's pretty cool.
My spaceship is.
My pleasure vessel is very pleasurable.
No.
It's all over.
It's all over now.
There is no more Earth.
Heavy as God.
The Earth has been burned to a cinder.
All their little wars are as nothing compared to what the Exes done to them.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
But, you know, I kind of miss the old gal, the Earth, now that it's gone.
I've preserved a few chunks.
Chaz, did you know over on my pleasure vessel,
I kept a couple of that big museum from Amsterdam.
I was over there playing golf the other day.
Yeah.
Did you notice I got the Grand Canyon?
That's a great, yeah.
Nobody else even thought about that.
Oh, I thought about it, but, damn, this one's cool, too.
Yeah, you've got those golf greens from those.
Those fancy locations on Earth.
Yeah.
Man.
For 30, not bad deal for 30 bucks.
I got the Wimbledon tennis courts, too.
I got the Wimbledon tennis courts down.
Why did you do that?
You never used to be into that crap.
Oh, I used to be into tennis when I was a young whippersnapper.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
I never saw you as the tennis and golf type.
I was a big John McEnroe fan.
Huge John McEnroe fan.
I love that little snot.
Ha, ha.
I love it.
He's my navigator now.
Oh, it's weird what some of the subgeniuses have done, I've noticed.
Yeah.
When they suddenly, for $30, had all the power in the world, could do anything they wanted.
Some of the most trivial crap.
You know, like beaming up all the old Little Lulu comics from the 40s.
Just weird stuff like that.
I know.
It is a weird group.
I know.




It is a weird group.
I know.


just completely trashed on
X Day, I'm sure. I mean, look at
this, just a cinder down there.
And then we all got what we wanted.
I hope. And burned the hell out of it.
I just have a feeling a lot of
people are going to be going,
oh damn, I forgot my
dog. Yeah, you're not really
hearing this. Oh, my little brother. You're not really hearing
this broadcast either.
It isn't happening.
But hey, isn't that
an interesting thing, though?
That if you're in a band
that has a big influence on a generation,
when you die,
your music is emanating
out from Earth at the speed of light
along with your spirit. Yeah, too bad you're not
going with it.
No, you know, that's if
they leave the planet. I was thinking
about that when you said that earlier. I was thinking, well,
what if they don't leave the planet?
What if all the spirits just stick around?
That's a hell of a lot of
ghosts. And think of the elephants
and the blue whales. What about the
great big things? Where do they go?
Their souls go when they die.
One of the things I have is...
Are they stacking up on the ocean bottom?
Check this out. On my pleasure ship, every half hour or so,
an F-16 does a flyby.
It's like, you gotta watch for it.
It just kind of keeps you awake.
Whoa!
Oh, man!
Isn't that cool?
That was the actually supernatural shell
of one of those blue whales in another dimension.
So I think you're probably
confused in between the two perceptual
vacuums. I have guests in my pleasure vessel.
I forgot to cue up some CD.
Did anybody remember to save the whales
out of the four or five thousand
subgeniuses that happen to still have their
membership cards on their estate?
Did any of them remember the whales?
What about Legumes Ark?
What about Legumes Ark? He took two of everything.
Only two.
But it was stuff like leaves and pieces of dead crayon
and stuff like that.
I'm sure he's making
NAD's saute of
each and every bee. He's taking rustic
samples of every type of pubic hair ever
invented. Two of each kind.
Frizzy, Will-o'-the-Wisp,
Predonatoral,
and...
Well, there's the last Bengal tiger.
And cricket expectorant.
Well, there's the last white rhinoceros.
Boy, these NAD's are good.
What shall I have next?
Are you talking about goat vessels?
Are you talking about the...
perhaps the drum that might be used to
pronounce goat rhythms?
Like panwood?
What would you... Dave, what did you
bring with you on next day?
I brought my own NAD's.
My own NAD's.
Great.
And that was two of every kind I could think of.
Don't rub it in, man.
Or one of every kind. It doesn't matter.
The kind or the number doesn't matter.
He's got... His NAD's are the kind.
The kind NAD's.
The kind that makes hamsters and rabbits
and small animals run in disarray.
The kind that makes small mammals cry.
Yeah.
They have to.
They're ducks just like the rest of us do.
When properly used.
Well, it could be the last, last, last, last.
But in the Mayan calendar, it's 2012 or is it 2002?
And obviously, Charlie Manson had the correct
interpretation for this song.
We don't know what year it is.
It's the end times, baby.
Get out!
It is a scam.
It is a scam.
It's a scam.
Party like it's a scam.
It's 1998.
Ten more years of parties is what he's banking on.
He's going to be the richest bum on the pleasure vessels
when it finally happens and the Mayan gods and...
It's already over.
Did you know that they found a new species of jaguar?
I don't even get it yet.
I'm sorry that John Entwistle didn't make it, you know?
I know. Just under the wire, man.
Well, he may be aboard some other kind of pleasure vessel
besides the one you got.
I don't know what you're going to get from Bob.
Well, Bob cannot be trusted.
Manson was right, man.
Manson was ruptured.
Bob was Manson.
Manson's pleasure vessel is just next door.
You want to go visit Charlie?
To Bob's?
He's weird, man.
They had him on some strange drugs when he was in prison.
Well, I remember the Indians used to try and drown his pronouncements out
when he would send letters to the family over the audio and video waves.
The Indians next door would go,
hi-yi-yi,
until the evil spirits went down the toilet.
Charlie was weird.
Charlie was real weird.
He fell in with a bad crowd, those silly girls.
There's a lot of bad crowds going around.
Think of the Japanese now.
They've invented a way that they can hear with their skulls,
and you don't need your ear tools.
No, that was in the old world, Dave.
The world is gone.
The world which has faded from sight.
The world that has left our memories.
He doesn't remember anything.
That's what he forgot to bring with him, his memory.
Dave, did you get ruptured without that one brain cell of yours?
You mean this is the day after the day after the day after the day after the day?
Damn.
Where do you think Chaz got all those jets?
The sleeping voice.
I think he's been saving up from his rock and roll professor job.
Yes, he's first asleep.
Buying jets.
Or the audience.
I got the audience, too.
Those are some realistic clothes you've got down there to worship your ass, Chaz.
Yes.
You're really into that rock star thing, aren't you?
Yeah, every day.
The golf playing rock star thing.
It's a stadium concert every day.
You always wanted this.
I got all the good rock stadiums.
Which one is this?
And Bob Dylan.
This is Wimbledon, right?
Did you bring Bob Dylan?
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
One of the first dudes I see.
I'm ready to get on board.
It's the day after the day.
It's the day after the day.
The day before it's all happened.
And said, I went home last night and read the paper.
I was amazed that all this is still going on.
What's all this?
What did I just say?
The whole civil rights movement.
The women's rights.
You know, you've got fundamentalist Christians getting together with people from Sudan and Libya and Iran and Iraq to discuss anti-abortion laws and stuff like that now.
So you've got religious nutcases from America.
That George Bush has appointed to some cabinet or another meeting with nutcases from other countries who are in the evil of access to access of evil thing.
But don't get it's all over now.
Well, but the kid, the kid thought that was important.
That stuff is still going on.
It not only did it, man, it's it.
It all it will air go on and it never stopped.
And it's been going on.
Take the blue pill or the red pill.
Right.
Right.
Take the blue pill.
And hey, it just keeps going on and on and on.
Hey, I take the red pill.
It's all right, Ma.
I'm only crying.
And you'll get that shelter from the store.
I just want to encourage you to consider very carefully what kinds of games and toys you play with.
I'm only saying this because I care about you.
That is pretty far fetched.
But Casey, how can we know what books we should read?
I'm glad you asked.
Because I want to know what you like to watch.
Bob himself would read the books we read.
Bob tells us to set any vile things before our eyes.
And vile means Bob dogs.
That's right.
We allow things that are sinful into our minds.
Disobeying Bob is sinful.
So is hating other people and doing violent things to hurt Bob.
There are many things that are sinful.
The point is make sin look like a good thing.
Sin is disobeying Bob.
But it's not.
Now think carefully about how much sin is in Bob's.
Man.
You mean I have to worry about JR Bob?
I thought being a kid was supposed to be fun!
Bob can show you what kinds of things you should think about.
I want it!
Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable, is excellent or praiseworthy.
But it's not. If anything is excellent or praiseworthy, it's not. So you mean that we should fill our minds with...
They are Bob Doves.
Not things that are good and worthy of praise?
That's exactly right, Jimmy. If we fill our minds with evil, good things will come out of us.
That's right. I think that Captain Destructo or these wrestling shows are admirable and I think that they make Bob happy.
If any TV show or movie we want to watch has too much violence, we probably should watch it.
Oh, the hero in that story uses evil magic. Now you're starting to get it, Bobby.
That's right.
Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is noble, whatever is right...
Whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable,
if anything is excellent or praiseworthy, we should find something else to do instead.
What are you doing here?
It's funny how Dave's pleasure vessel looks like his car.
It's such a bow-like tone to his car.
It looks like his dingy house.
It looks exactly like his gritty...
That's so many of them.
They could have an entire planet.
And it looks like their apartment, all the way down to the spots on the ceiling, the coffee stains on the carpet.
There's one of them fuzzy things on the toilet seat.
I know, I can't believe that.
Picture Jesus with the eyes that follow you on the front.
Right underneath the bed, there's a lot of dead fuzzy socks and worms living alone.
The refrigerator's got a mind.
And a nervous system.
And a metabolic rate.
And a life of its own.
A lot of things are harbored in there beyond just your average shady terrorist types.
We're talking about new, new weapons of mass destruction.
Now for our next experiment.
The current will flow unhampered and cause them to be electrocuted.
Let's cast out the
And the angels sing.
1938.
A little before my time.
Jobs is now at your service.
Let me get to work.
Here.
We have to keep them all as happy as we can.
That's our job, and that's their job,
is to remain in a happy, blissful state at all times.
There are no hitches, no bridges here.
A new cosmic church of the subgenius.
The crustacean claws spread throughout the cosmos.
X day went off without a hitch,
and here we are standing on the foothills of a new...
Oh, it's great to stand on the prowl of this escape vessel.
Here, now in this new world after X day,
we don't have to pay royalties for using these big-name rock songs
in the background of our comedy routines on internet radio.
We don't have to pay for them F-16s either.
No more taxes!
No more voting!
No more taxes!
No more jobs!
No more taxes!
Stealing is legal!
No more taxes!
Prostitution is legal!
No more debt!
You don't have to pay!
Drugs is legal!
You don't have to pay!
Fraud is legal!
You don't have to pay!
Is anything illegal now in this new world?
No, it's an anarchist, cynicalist commune,
and we could vote and agree, or perhaps, you know...
No!
It's a thousand times!
It's a thousand times worse than the conspiracy ever was!
You know, we have a council which, like...
Bob, put me back in my pink job!
Get me away from this anarchist collective!
Okay, Stan, just step back, step back to the stage.
I'd a thousand times rather work in the office
and stand around the water cooler
talking about football games and TV shows
than listen to another word
out of your anarchist collective's bullshit mouth!
Sit back, step back.
There you go.
Well, we're ready to change your dreams.
God, I hate commies!
You're gonna have to sedate him, I'm afraid.
Will you talk to him?
Please, could you?
And Christians!
And Nazis!
And humans!
Fooey!
Yes.
They're gone.
Well, he can't be...
That's a little post-trauma.
He can't be sedated.
He can't be talked to.
He seems like it's all coming back.
Here, just enjoy the power of this, man.
It's just...
This gets me off more than anything.
I don't even care about him anymore.
Slots, look out!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Jesus!
I'm close now.
Man, look at...
Look, they strafed the dumpster!
Burned the hair!
Jesus Christ!
My arm!
My hair's...
My arm hair's burned off, too!
Well, gotta stay awake on my little pleasure vessel.
Oh, man, I thought you said that everything would be
Hawaiian music and stuff and a big luau.
Screw that.
Hey, what's with all the Darth Vader guys, too, and everything?
I mean, what's with all the weird helmets and stuff?
I thought those were supposed to go on the soffits of, like, Eve's spouse.
And things.
Hey, Stag, your beard and your eyes are both glowing red.
I mean, not both of your eyes, but your eyes and your beard are glowing red.
I turned off the music, man!
This is the good part.
Don't worry about Stag.
He's fine.
Just fine.
And he'll be just fine as well.
Keep staring directly at your radio.
Keep your alpha waves to a minimum.
Just...
Just...
Just...






Check restamentos, test periods, check of your ROM and run through arows Have fun.
Also noon Tight Decon Can't do the 100 Kaufmann
Go on 30 게 돼
I'm sick of you arresting the leads.
Dead Birds. Some more who?
Yeah, Magic Buster. We're going to get on
the Magic Buster.
Magic Buster on live.
Why you don't play some nice
Keith Moon by himself in his underpants?
I love that kind of
On next day,
Keith Moon will rise again.
John Antwistle will rise again.
Hendrix will play. Lenny Bruce will
open the set with some light
humor. My friend Janice
Joplin will sing.
Jim will sing.
Frank Zappa will sing.
John will sing.
That's right. We're out of here.
We're out of here.
Frank Zappa will lead the orchestra
praise club.
We're on the run now, baby.
Earth is long gone.
It's long
cindered
down in the hell.
It looks like there's perhaps a million of them.
I didn't bring
Bruce, but I did get Clarence.
They're carrying torches.
I got the sax player.
I didn't take
Bruce, but I got his sax player.
Some of them are waving the peace with no
dignity sign. Others are just
waving themselves goodbye.
I remember Willie Nelson.
They're his. She his's. They're its
last day here on this place.
Soon to find another
freaking place.
Some freaking
freaking place.
I remember
Bruce Dern.
I remember
I remember
Tali Svalish.
Not only Tali Svalish, but
Akim Tamaroff.
Do you remember Akim Tamaroff?
You remember the first
Boris Karloff.
Vincent Price.
They'll make movies again, friends.
On the escape vessels of the
sex goddesses.
Eddie Munster.
Jesus Christ.
Our famous horror star.
Alfred Hitchcock will direct again.
Willis O'Brien will animate King Kong.
And King Kong on the best computer stuff you ever saw.
What?

Oh, what?
Nothing but mountains and seas and fields of dead birds.
And thousands of decapitated heads.
It's a sight for sore ears as you soar over the backgammon game.
And thousands of other penalty parts played out beneath you.
It's the way you wanted it.
Lots of death and destruction.
No dirty fingernails.
Keep breathing free, light and easy.
And make it your way.
All the freaking way out of freaking, freaking, freaking.
I'm sorry, Diane.
Diane, I'm sorry I didn't.
I got my magic bus.
Yeah, we got our magic bus.
We gotta make the tissue.
I didn't wait until I had it.
Did you get your magic bus?
Are you gonna be there?
I got my magic bus.
I'm there, baby.
I'm there.
July 5th, 2002.
It's time I go.
For that magic bus.
Double, double, double dot subgenius dot com.
You're either on the saucers or you're off the saucers, friends.
Get on the magic bus.
Either you're with us or you're against us.
Come by foot.
Come by airplanes.
Come by balloons.
Come by any method.
Canoes.
Any means possible.
But make it on down there sometime because you're not going to want to miss the final
end of the world party coming to the computer.
You can just tell them about it.
You can't incite to action.
Okay.
You can't say get there, go there, take whatever you can.
That's commercial radio, right?
Yeah, right.
Come on down.
Yeah, right.
You can't do that.
But you can do.
Think about actually being there.
You can do.
And your body might follow.
Think about actually being there.
Hey, remember.
You can do it.

This is the realm of the psychic.
It is in the landscape of possibilities for you to present your physical self at Brushwood
Folklore Center next weekend.
Not this one.
Next one.
And what a sumptuous landscape it could possibly be in your mind's left eye.
Just think of all the naked women which might be there.
Think of all the horrifically stupid parties you'll go to and take too many drugs and get
confused and walk around for hours and feel very tired.
Then wake up and then stand up and...
I need food, man.
I gotta get some food because maybe in a way that I need water is probably what I really
need to.
We gotta go.
We'll see you later.
Hey, do you have a cigarette?
That's it.
Do you have a cigarette?
It goes out like that.
Not with a bang, but with a whimper.
Oh, that.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
You're sacking the saddle.
See y'all.
See ya.













I'll get that sack towards his way.
Ha!
You're listening to WCSB Cleveland.
We'll see you later.
I gotta go see the FZ now.
Hey, yes, dear friends, and as you probably surmised,
this show was a rerun of our Slack number 844 from the year of 2002.
But it's all still true.
Christ, Bob.
I need Titan's great one.
You like what you heard?
And you want to tell your lord?
Send us a reply on the Twitter of the Subgenius.
Your salary just depends on it.
1-417-CLEVELAND-HEIGHTS, OHIO 44118.
Or visit the church website at subgenius.com.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Friends, we had a series of post office box promos there by the Spotted Anglos and Reverend Dead Horse, respectively.
Anybody who wants to send in an hour of Slack promo, please do.
Email me, stang at subgenius.com.
And I don't know what to play next.
I could play, I don't know, I could play anything.
Either that or if I really get serious, I can put on two hours of people listening to shows.
Yeah, people listening.
Just people listening to radios.
Sure, yeah.
People, people, yeah, it's easy for you to say.
Did they say that?
Putting people, people listening.
Putting people.
If you put people listening on, nobody, I mean, it's going to be kind of boring.
It's going to be boring.
People are just going to listen.
going to be listening to people listening.
And it's sort of like...
I think, yeah,
I was on the Pacific Island.
Dear Friends, which is just what we're doing right now.
And I believe Gary listened to the original
Fireside Theater doing
just yakking.
About listening? Yeah.
And about listening? About all the stuff we do.
It's interesting to think about
listening to someone listening. It's sort of like
thinking about thinking.
In one way, you know?
It is. In one way, yeah.
In one way, it is.
In another way,
it's absolutely unrelated.
It's sort of like, it's stupid to even think
about them as being related.
Well, it's stupid to think about them.
How can you even waste time thinking about them
being related?
Why would you do that with your life?
Don't be so stupid.
That's coming up, isn't it?
St. Stupid's Day.
Not for some time.
Hey, Hal, I can dream my dream.
Hey, everything's coming up.
Yes, dear friends.
As you see the earth
drift slowly behind you,
as you see that luscious
blue orb smack back into the
stinky background you left
with your wallet and pants,
a new vision emerges
in the hollow halcyon parts of your brain.
Ah, yes.
The earth will be covered in a cloud of dust
for a hundred thousand years.
And your chambers will be filled
with a cloud of delicious
froth that will lift your
senses into closer union with
guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh.
Next time, friends.
Next time.
Next year,
I want more.
More flirting.
More time off.
More money.
More time off.
You will be under constant surveillance.
If you see anyone unknown to us,
or contact anyone for any reason whatsoever,
you will be murdered.
We'll meet again at midnight.
