Uh, Puzzling Evidence presents the sub-G news show, Rocket Away.
Here the show is lifting off.
Yeah, like this.
Okay, we've blown one caller right out of the DMA level one data bank.
This show is lifting off.
This act is immutably decreed.
It was rehearsed by ye and me.
A billion years before this ocean rolled.
Millions and millions of years ago, giant dinosaurs roamed the earth.
And the earth was without form and void.
And darkness was on the face of the deep.
And God created great whales.
Look at them go.
The white whale tasks me.
Yet he is but a mask.
It is the thing behind the mask I chiefly hate.
The malignant thing that has plagued the threatened man since time began.
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
The thing that mauls and mutilates our race.
Not killing us outright, but letting us live on with half a heart and half a lung.
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
That whale is as big as a satellite.
It is a satellite.
It's a giant whale orbiting the earth at thousands of miles an hour.
You're just plain gloomy.
Moby Dick may be big, but he ain't that big.
I do not share Moby Dick.
I share the wrath of God.
The wrath of God?
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
I spit.
my last breath at thee!
Thou dammit whale!
It gets dangerous sometimes.
You have to be careful.
Praise the G-d!
And welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of switch!
Is it liquid or is it sod?
Because further on in the thickness
there comes
the thinness.
For without the thinness
we would not be able to appreciate the thickness of the pudding.
The pudding which cures.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day
selling body and soul to a bunch of bland normals?
Acting stupid so they'll think you're one of them?
Tired of getting all of the guilt but none of the sex?
There is a simple answer dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slouching.
A black amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs the living slack master
and his church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
For Bob comes to justify our sins.
To unmask the conspiracy and to get us back
the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you gonna fry in hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes
and accept the fact that you're a slacker?
Put Bob into your mind.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
And praise Bob.
Church of the subgenius eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
Friends, this hour of Slack number 1692
is a rerun of two old shows.
One from March 1991 and one from 2003.
Both of them during wars that appear to still be happening today.
So let's go back in time and get young.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yes, sir.
That was the subgenius MTV commercial.
With music by Mark Mothersbaugh.
The music in the background right now is by Held Pokes.
And this is Hour of Slack number 887.
And most of those have been original shows.
We don't do reruns very often.
I was gonna do one this time.
And it's half a rerun from Hour of Slack 275 from March 1991.
Of great hysterical interest in the form of puzzling questions.
ave
Is Your electrical kg
Oh, yes.
Oh, and
both really amazing.
Just go to woody.com

Ire Band by Eric Bates.

That is a裡面
Thank you Dave.
It just started spewing out of him, and I've never seen Chaz so excited, really.
It's great to see somebody's skills collide with their good mood.
It's kind of contagious.
So we get to hear that creative process as it happens.
But for the first part of the show, we go to war.
You're listening to Image Interpretation.
Reports are being disseminated now to our troops overseas.
Yeah, and you know how valuable those are.
Look at this blurry photograph that was obviously taken by the nose camera of an incoming guided spud missile.
That nose camera, we won't be able to pay for the print.
The heartbeat of America.
I hear that heartbeat now.
Yeah, I can.
It's supported by flash president in the background.
It makes me feel a little bit rocky.
Let me get a test tube, will you?
Well, Hal, let's walk on down Main Street here and see what's happening.
Well, there's Mr. Smith.
Hi, Mr. Smith.
Hiya.
Remember to keep up your observation in fields of fire.
It's a fine hot day.
It's a fine hot day here in Midvale.
I mean, Plasticville.
I mean, Spudville.
Where is this?
Oh, I see.
Pinochle, Connecticut.
I'd like to relieve myself here.
Oh, just go behind that bush while I pop open a tasty Budrow beer.
I feel relieved already.
Give me one of them Budrow beers.
Sure.
You know, these babies have only got 99 calories.
Mmm, yummy.
Then we're going to work on some of those MTD highlifts.
I need an HF processor to get out there.
Lord, those chiefins are going to win that war.
Yes, they will.
They'll win it for Budrow.
Budrow.
Budrow.
Budrow.




Budrow.
Budrow.

Budrow.
Budrow.
Budrow.









How are you doing?
How are you doing, Ronnie? How are you?
I'm doing good. God bless you and God bless America and our troops.
I got a question for Abdul here.
Just bear with me.
First of all, I want to know what the big stink is about the U.S.
killing 500 civilians who were at a military command and control center
when Saddam Hussein has been a way of life for Saddam for years.
What's been a way of life, sir?
He's killed a reported 7,000 civilians in Kuwait.
Don't you think Saddam has realized his butt is being kicked
and now he's looking for sympathy from the world?
Okay, all right, let him respond to that, sir, without the vernacular.
Please don't pick up the bad words, kick and other things.
These are uncivilized words.
There have been reports of 7,000 Kuwaitians.
That's not true. That's not true.
You better check your information.
You better learn your information before trying to spread out this information.
I could tell from the way you addressed me you are an ignorant man.
Our guest is Ambassador...
Ambassador Abdul Amir Al-Ambari, the hack ambassador to the United Nations,
will be born on March 30th.
And the boy is beginning to die.
I'm sure you'll be able to see the practice battle beginning.
Boy, if this is the practice battle, I'd hate to see the real battle.
Look at the blows given and received by the hearty spectacle.
This war is going to be won on the playing fields of...
Yeah, right. Just remember there's no hiding places in this war.
No, but they're all getting a hiding, though.
Look at those lively lads pound each other with pillows stuffed with styrofoam.
That's good training. It builds strong muscles and backs and helps morale.
And adds a clean, manly sweat to the early morning to flavor the day
with a blast of methane that'll guarantee you to flee the locker room in record time.
And here comes the women's brigade.
Let's not forget our fighting women in green and tan.
That's right.
It's an intimate situation there, folks.
And this is the Chadar squad, formed specifically as not to titillate the irritation of our fractious Saudi Arabian hosts.
Now, of course, the show comes in a number of variants, this one being the 4-slash-250 Armored Connoisseur Scout Vehicle.
Other shows include the IFV and the Fire Support Motor Carrier, the Missile Tank Destroyer, the Armored Ambulance.
This is the diesel-powered ride.
So we can force patients into any part of the battlefield with the Armored Ambulance.
Yeah.
Diesel ambulances all run on diesel power.
You know, you got some guy wounded and maybe he's losing his nerves, so you take him out into the battlefield and just drop him off in the Armored Ambulance.
Then his body is bagged for future reference.
Criminals, that sort of thing.
Please try it for freshness.
We can tell what they're like by using these remains.
Of course, we don't want others, say, foreign nationals poaching on our preserve.
So we use the total filtration and ventilation circuit seats for the show.
Then pop, it's into the bag.
Wow.
This thing.
This thing's wonderful.
Yeah.
It's like, um, I'm normally here.
It works just like a stapler.
You see, it's got this little grip here.
Oh, yeah.
I like the way it just sort of wraps around my hands and allows my feet to tickle.
Boy, if that was a snake, it would have bit you.
Hey, it is a snake.
Get it off your hand.
Oh, I hope it didn't bite you.
I'm afraid he's been stung.
Oh, look at his face.
Oh, boy.
What a venomous sting.
Oh, yeah.
It's swelling.
No, that's another region.
Oh, it had a spill there for a while, though.
It's a swell, man.
Let's not move into the other regions because then war will be even worse.
Yes, uh, down in the...
Well, there are new regulations in what we can report on in this war.
...various electronic helpers which tell us how scary things are in the real world.
Oh, no, here come the overhead UFOs that are dispensing the Agent Green.
They're flying in a perfect formation.
Those are just little Arab guys.
I believe...
No, they're flying on their towels there.
Those are referred to as magic carpets out here, Ed.
Oh, of course.
It looks like a nice one there, perhaps an oriental rug variety.
It's an electromagnetic principle that allows these things to float and...
Oh, yeah.
...suspend it in midair.
But our scientists will soon have solved this mysterious puzzle and we'll be flying
on our own fleet of A4 stealth carpets.
It looks like a little enemy, guys, whichever enemy you wish.
Well, they've been working on these for a long time, Hal, but they've had difficulty
meeting the price fixing that the Pentagon had.
Well, I don't know if we can afford to discuss national security matters like this without
clearance on an open channel.
Well, they will have to speak in scramble.
It's Saudi duty time.
It's Saudi duty time.
Any of us with a little bit of Mediterranean juiciness knows that...
...hair is a symbol of macho manliness.
And the more I grow down my neck and down my back makes it easier for me to swim, climb
mountains, and run over people.

The scenery cover in fact allows for regular cross upwards spinning winds just by the
hair of a jealous polar bear, making it more attractive than the naturally
suitable concept of the stupid elephant.
People's attention span.
me that's sudden sincere and the enemies are kindly but they're dumb
at the zoo you talking to me
america is issuing issuing this following proclamation a dare and a challenge to the
rest of the world if you can stand up to those khaki flavored pants we're wearing right now
and that ak-47 we stole from the enemy guys which actually fires bad the m16s
if you can stand up like an erect penile front chin and you
to feed the animals at the zoo with your own
yeah feed the animals at the damn zoo or let them go or something you dumb
animals with your own limbless zoo you are a refreshing and figures
it's
there's many names
pornography
that's a that's a war is worse just for not
it is i'll tell you what i had a point real hard time renting my attention away from it
for about
a month from the worst and i'm still kinda jones and you know i'm i'm cut easing off
i'm trying to get off this the teat of horror the teat of horror yeah the teat of horror
teat of horror
the sound print of the american
chicken
woo hoo hoo
there it is
bwaaah
ain't going down in no war
look at the flying light that guy's loose
look at the flying light that guy's loose
wow i'm gonna turn on the infrared fire control right now and barbecue this devil
and a little eighty by eighty square mile area
and a horrendous magnetic pulse
the American Chicken was marching
of course they had an awful big stick of it wasn't that afraid?
you had a stick of it wasn't that afraid?
you had a stick of it wasn't that afraid?
And they're trying to pull him away
Everyone in from each other has their stick in their Pres serving
this stuff in the zero to half loses
Go on bouncing off each other in a space not much bigger than
Yeah, I'm gonna have to get out of here soon you guys if I'm gonna go it's gonna prepare the poison rations for the board
You're over back at is probably the deadliest care you've ever been in your life
Fearless anything that moves don't have the right electronic code is vaporized
He's listening on the phone right now, yes
We want to be very much like a grand repute. Yeah, somebody just like him
I was wondering you can't really tell which ones puzzling evidence
He has 54 shelters and he could be on one of them
Stop it with his Jesus stuff at Bertha. Don't you realize for once and for all we killed that guy?
You want to talk about Kim passenger or something like that
Okay, but this Jesus stuff has got to stop him. Have you ever seen Jesus in a swimsuit?
Jesus real estate can find a birth in the desert
Landmark
But when Bob went over to the desert he brought a truckload a whole
C141 full of clappers, you know clap on clap. Yeah
And this is giving so much slack to the troops because all they got to do right now
They hooked him up to those Patriot missile launchers and all they got to do is sit in the tent
And when they hear that scud fly over they just got to clap their hands and the Patriot goes up and gets that scud
Total slack for the troops. It's fantastic. You know, that is one of the
You talk about advanced technology. Yeah, I mean the clapper is where it's at. We are Americans
Yes, we are our Americans and with our Yankee know-how and our American ingenuity
We can get all the slack you could ever ask for what's even more thing and I think we can get the earth first crowd on
This I think you know earth first in the eco terror is there about the worst force we've got in this country if we sent them
over there to the
The only thing is that we're not going to get them back
We're going to get them back
We're going to get them back
And with this oil spill going on and you know when they first invaded Kuwait the soldiers ate like 70% of the edible animals in the Kuwait
National Zoo you think they'd be over there right now
Trying to get these spiking me spiking the oil. They wouldn't be able to tree spike
But you know, they could spike the oil field scud launchers. Yeah, they wouldn't like that at all
Well, how come they're not in our all volunteer army?
Well, you know earth first is you know, they're their own little breed
But I think I think we could recruit them for this cause now that we've got the oil spill
They are their own little breed. I believe I mean these guys what's the name of that planet better than the special forces, right?
Yeah, but uh, well, you know even from Venus. I think we can even get the animal activists on this because I heard today
That in Iraq you cannot teach driver's education and sex education on the same day and that was
Reverend rogue a Navy
subgenius calling up
the dad's new slacks show the subgenius show in Portland, Maine
Thanks, dad
Dave I think you've been listening too much commercial right here. I'll give you a set up
I'll give you guys a set up you can do that
The God is a cowboy one on you can do a version of it. Okay, when I when I point at you you could just rant
whoever Dave you your rant, but I'm a theme of
God and
the Wild West
But also God being an extraterrestrial cowboy. Yeah, right
Wearing down whatever you know, you can go young a chandelier maybe a lonesome cow God turquoise buckles Bob
or something here on what a lizard skin boots Denver lizard skin boots
but uh
if
if
When I throw my hand up, that's the script that I go and stay away from your armpits
I got your gage that means that's the chorus coming in
So you can if you know you gotta stop for the course and then go preach all you want on the other part
Okay, what's the finger sign for speaking Portuguese? Okay, if I give it a Brazilian flavor if I hold up look hold up my finger green
Then yeah, just go for it, dude. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What if you bend over and spread them?
What does God really tell you cowboy and his favorite people of all that's it?
You know
He's on America's side because they were at a
year of Cowboys
Here after he got done, you know messing everything up
I was a big huge blue and then he finally got it right when he made the cowboy God
Finally got it, right?
What if God was Paul Bunyan?
Yes, God is a cowboy
That means you're his little cow. You know where God's taking you
little little doggie little Bobby
You know what?
Swimming down to
Well, don't you worry about that because he's taking good care of you along the way
He's fattening you up, baby. Yes, sir
You're God's little future hamburger, baby
He's gonna sell you the market get a good price
He's gonna get you down that trail that Wow tumbleweed ridden
Rattlesnake sneaking trail. Yes, God has got his
Chaps on that's all he's got on his naked naked
God must be a cowboy
He saw me in a dream
He rode in from my darkness onto my TV screen
From somewhere deep inside me my passion it ignites
That God must be a cowboy
Riding through the night
Yeah, guess we got the job. All right, we're driving them Brahma Bulls back on down to Laramie
Laramie's quite a few fathoms from this here reckoning. It looks like we're gonna have to follow the stars
But the stars we're gonna be following aren't your usual stars you see in the sky
There are the stars you see what God beat you over the head with that
Winchester rifle
Yeehaw!
Woo! Woo! Yeehaw! Hoo!
inated Bobby's
cats they can you time
ah
Oh
God must be a cowboy
Me in a dream
fist heart darkness onto my TV screen
to my deep inside me heavy холод in I
Got most beautiful valüery riding through the you know get out now
Come on down tri existem
iiis crane ship get it out action it's true now we are motley Carshow osfer
We've got a destination.
Boys and girls, we're going to this slot.
I mean, heaven.
Heaven is where we're going at the end of this trail.
Yeehaw!
Get on!
Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
Hey, man. Hey, man.
You're on the wrong...
Hey, wait. You're going the wrong way.
Wait!
Oh! Wait!
Hey, man. You can't ride that bullseye.
What are you doing on the back of that...
Hey, man. Get over there.
Get on. Get on, little doggies.
God must be a bad man.
He's a long train.
We're almost there.
Hyah!
God must be a cowboy
Came to me in a dream
He rode in from my darkness
Onto my TV screen
But somewhere deep inside me
My passion did ignite
That God must be a cowboy
Riding through the night
Hey, uh, I see the fire's off in the distance
But that don't look like Laramie
It looks like...
It looks like Pokey Slim
That old Jimmy's campfire
Let's boozy on down
And have some beans and bread
Some cornbread
Oh, I love Johnny Cain
Hey, hey, let's all...
Just wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait, wait, wait
Those are the fires!
What the hell?
The fires!
The fires!
My legs are on fire!
My legs are on fire!
Left them aboard, boys.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
You're generous, you're generous!
So God must be a cowboy, came to me in a dream
He rode in from my darkness, onto my TV screen
Up somewhere deep inside me, my passion did ignite
That God must be a cowboy, riding through the night
In all my dreams, my dream what?
God is a cowboy, a cowboy so big and big eyes
A bunch of dust and mud, you know where I can put this tripod peg leg I got riding there
In between my huggies, you know where there might be a Sioux City Salt Lake
I got some diseases for you and an infected amputation stump
It's hell
Welcome to the town of hell, population of 752
Never alone
Never alone
When you have Dave Brainerd, you're never alone
Did you hear that?
748
Dave, he just wants to get home
He's on the wrong goddamn planet, again
How many times has he got to go around that damn universe?
How many lives is he gonna go through before he gets it right?
No
The longer you drive a Brahma Bull, the more lives you're gonna go through
No
How your first life is that?
That trail drive on to Laramie
Your second life is on the way to St. Louis to pick up that check
Your third life is somewhere in Bangladesh eating skirkeys and kudel from off the floor
Your fifth life
You're a plastic model kid
You're a plastic surgeon and your middle eye, your third eye is rancid and rotten
And you need plastic surgery on your own psychic persona
Yeah
Can't go and get off that wheel that easy, Bart
When will you get off?
When will you get off?
Earth first, burn the other planets later
Evacuate
You're yoked
Or vacate the evacuation chamber
You're yoked
Like an ox to the wheel of karma
You can never, never escape
Unless
Unless
Unless
Unless
You will all be sick and rancid
And sick
And rancid
And sick
And rancid

Man I gotta put that in there, the opera
Yes
I'll reprise this music
Rock and stick
Yeah, okay great, killer, I need, they're good
Yeah, good, killer, that's another little part
There's lots of many pieces to the puzzle
Avanti Popola
Rock and stick
Rock and stick
Rock and stick.
We not ready.
Man, this is too good.
Ross.
This is great.
This is going to be the greatest rock opera ever written.
Rock and stick.
Oh, what happened to that?
Was that the taggy line?
Was that the hook?
Rock and stick.
Everything's made of rock or stick or both.
But what about the elements of fire and air and water?
Don't they consider into the facts?
Are they the ones that consider?
Damn, you're right.
We've been wrong for thousands of years.
Rocks and sticks.
Rocks and sticks.
Fire and ice.
Rain and skin.
Time, yes, time.
Bob and Connie.
The burning of your...
Your hair.
As you dance in the air.
For 30 bucks can I go into space?
I'm afraid not, my friend.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
We are already in space.
We're already there.
Get on this ship.
We're gonna make everything beautiful for you.
To serve man is our only purpose.
Come on.
Go with us.
We only want to help.
Yes.
Now, if they were to solve all the Earth's problems, see?
They could take out, like, you know, they could just write it off.
You know, build a red-letter list, you know, and go write down,
down the list, starting one, hunger, poverty, so on and so forth.
But now they don't want to do it, see, because you know why?
Because it's the banks.
It's the big banks and it's the big oil companies, see?
And they got all the money.
And they got all the money while you got all the sh...
You ain't got nothing, see?
Hey, you remember that song?
It's a sign, me old world over.
World over, it's a sign.
Rich man takes a credit and a poor man takes a blame.
You remember that song, don't you, see?
It's true.
It's...
It was Dave...
That was the time he played Tinkerbell.
Tinkerbell and Broadway.
Tinkerbell?
Yeah, Dave made a living.
Lonesome cowboy Dave did not, just Dave.
I was the little girl with the sparkly hair and the waxy blue eyes.
For $30.
No.
No.
They gave him $30 too.
No.

No.
No.
No.
He couldn't even pay his rent.
His little kitty cats were going hungry.
He had to go out in the street and break up pets.
He had to go to the

He had to go to the hospital.
I went to
You got us all satisfying?!


Thanks, Father.
Help an old altar boy.
What should I spend it on?
To charity, bug porn, or salvation?
I want to go into outer space and destroy the world for only $30.
Yeah, $30.
I could get bug porn instead, or I could give it to that bum over there.
It won't shut up.
Squire, look for grand there.
Decisions, decisions.
I got $30.
You can loan up.
Poor, poor man.
$30 silver?
$30 silver.
I need your wallet away.
I need slack.
I need slack.
I need slack.
I need money.
No.
No.
No slack?
We have bent the universe to our own shaping.
We have succeeded where no one has succeeded.
But has it given us slack?
That is the question.
Are we now slack itself?
Has the idea somehow vanished into our consciousnesses?
If this is slack, then I don't want to live any longer.
Has the human race come to a realization through their science that saves them from killing each other?
Do they see through all their visions?
Do they ever learn?
It is your instinct to destroy each other.
See through the vision and through the veil of maya.
Continue.
Do your focus beyond the veil.
You will awake.
The sleeper will awake.
And when he does, he will have one miserable rise on his tokens.
He will require all kinds of powders and ointments and squeakies and other things to make his time.
Unguants?
He will need unguants.
Unguants?
He will need unguants.
He will need many, many unguants and salves.
Is life then just a path to the grave littered with medicines?
And vials and old pills used to keep you going?
Stained diapers.
One more miserable day.
Baby powder.
Old pills.
Used.
One more.
Unused condoms.
Tasteless.
Another pill.
Dead flowers bought from a gypsy lady.
Everything will be okay.
I would like to place my application at the $40 window for my medical bill.



Go right ahead.
I have heard that the salve will turn into many forms.
Thirty days.
Thirty dollars.
Thirty miles to the graveyard.
Now that's a dollar a day that you can part with, my friends.
That is a dollar a day that will go in the right direction.
So far today you've been going-
Slack, it's only a dollar a day.
Only one dollar a day, friends.
You've been going in the wrong direction.
I can see your sphincter muscle twinkling and twinking.
I can see your left eye dancing around.
You're nervous.
You need help.
You need relaxation.
And what will bring you to the bottom of the conundrum?
A dollar?
That's right.
No, no.
Thirty times that dollar.
One for each day of the month.
You'll give me thirty dollars?
I will give you thirty dollars and you will have slack and the world is at your fingertips.
No!
I never met a preacher like you before, sir.
And you never will again for I am not a preacher, my friend.
I am the red dot in the middle of your forehead.
I am burning a hole deep back through your corpus callosum.
I am on my way to you.
It hurts!
It hurts!
It hurts!
Get out of my head!
Preacher man!
Okay, we're going to be moving you in and out this time.
Every bad thing that ever happened was a result of experimenting.
Experimenting again.
Yes, we were experimenting.
May the good Lord take a liking to you and blow you up real soon.
Ah, well that's past the end for you, you hideous little leprechaun.
What an interesting idea.
What a, uh, so.
I'm going to go and get my
I'm going to go and get my


You guys think you can get the perimeter fire to back down enough for me to get out of the station?
Just wanted you to think about it.
Hey, this is the end.
A lot of people are suffering as we speak.
The Navy versus the Leprechaun.
The latest howlerious sensation from Walt Disney Productions.
Howlerious?
You'll howl, you'll roar as the U.S. Navy takes on one particularly feisty little leprechaun, Samus McGregor.
Showing off shows down here.
Oh, all those ships, they're firing at me.
I'll have to show them some of my evil magic.
Yes, it was a leprechaun from Scotland.
Pink moons, orange stars, green clovers.
Pink intestines, pink moons, bend over.
Blue, blue smart bombs.
And pink hearts all over the landscape.
Okay.
All right, take care, take charge, and take off.
Yeah.
And so, now we're going to get down and dirty.
We're going to do the evil show.
In the last few moments of our program, we're going to
Hey!
We think nothing but corruption of the tomb.
Come down to L.A., April Fool's Day.
L.A.
April Fool's Day?
St. Stupid, we got St. Stupid up here.
Home parade.
Okay, the day after April Fool's Day, then.
I'm afraid we'll all be radioactive slag on that day.
What's happening then?
Oh, a big show to end all World War III shows.
How many times have I heard that before?
A few or four.
Yes, so long, Mom.
I'm off to drop the bomb.
Don't wait up for news.
Oh.
Oh.
Because while you're sweating your swell to down there in your shell, I'm going to
do the one and two.
Do we get to, since we paid for those bombs, do we get to keep the shells and the crew with
them?
It's part of the old, same shell thing.
We could put flowers in them and use them as candle holders and stuff.
If you can use anything as anything, you'll be ahead of the game when most of your fellow
beings are inert protoplasmic material.
Well, yeah, I've got, I'm starting a horde, so.
It's a weighty responsibility.
Remember to keep fresh water and 200 pounds of water in your hands.




Thanks for reading that.
Thanks for that.
Bye, Dad.
Bye, Dad.




But they'll make it stop.

Iки has been on a mission recently, and that's to cause a great deal to happen.
Watch it sometime, and I'll show you why.
But you're watching Matt Mc spoonful of LATIC allies in the show with Mike Venture, who

Now we're having to see Mark build something from his master plant.
We're going to see how deep the Afford-UM plant is going to be after we finish each
tok arm.
Well, we're working to coated M Weswe Querras off with the added M T 1992 quadrupole

Since we like to have our food stuffed into little bottles, we call the atomic bomb instant death.
Some people call it instant economic reform.
Eternal father strong to save, whose arm hath bound the restless wave,
who bids the mighty ocean deep his own appointed limits keep.
And here we go.
Thank you for calling operations removal.
Don't mention it.
If you have discovered that this is World War III, press 1 now.
If you find that your potatoes are burning, press 2 now.
If you are not already in Texas, press 3 now.
Which one do I press?
This is happening too fast for me.
If you have pressed too many buttons, press 1 now.
Hey, get your finger off that.
That's my phone.
Isn't that the one I pressed?
Stop it.
Get it out.
Hey, quit it.
Give a guy a break.
If your fingers are losing control, press 5 now.
What'd she say?
Did she say something?
This is out of control.
Press this one down here.
No one's pressed this one down.
If you are such genius, press 0 now.
Well, that zeroed the whole thing out of existence.
Well, that was, uh, yeah, that can happen.
It's an occupational hazard.
And as we contemplate this rather rocky moment in our nation's history,
let us recall that what could have been done was not done.
And what should have been done is not being done.
Yes, it's a brave moment.
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of, well, the Persian Gulf.
You sent the hour of slack over there, haven't you?
Oh, sure, yeah.
We sent the one you played tonight over there already.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it was great.
I'm sure it'll really give them a charge and make them feel...
The hordes of subgenius military over there right now.
All right.
You got some guys that are, uh, that are crossing the border right now?
Uh, I don't know about that.
But, uh, I know Bob is.
He's heading there.
He's got a frenzy on him, you know.
Well, he's already...
I mean, I saw the headline last week.
It said, uh, commandos deep in Iraq.
And I figured he was one of them.
Oh, well, obviously.
You know, I mean, he's probably already in the bunker.
He's the only man lucky enough to get past all that crap.
He's probably already in the bunker.
Yeah, or at least he's halfway down through the sand.
For sure.
No, he's probably in there.
He's got his own little hideaway.
I hope he brought that, that, um, that wizzo drill attachment for his pipe to get through the, uh, the cement barrier to actually get in the bunker.
Look, you know, I'm not worried.
And giving power and opportunity to the individual.
And Bob is that individual.
He has the power and he is taking the opportunity.
That's right.
He is grabbing hold of destiny and he is making it his own.
Yeah, I do wonder about the...
the military subgenius.
Yeah, well, they are real and, I mean, we are definitely the minority among the subgenius.
Yeah.
But, you know, well...
Just wondering how secretive it has to be.
Slack is a very dangerous thing in the military.
We prefer to skate.
Yeah?
Yeah, skating is...
I mean, slack could kill you.
Right.
I've got pictures that could...
Well, that's what I told you.
Slack can undermine defense, you know.
It could.
And so we prefer to skate.
It's just a much safer...
safer thing for us to be doing.
We know for a fact now that Bob is there.
Yeah, Bob is there.
Right.
I mean, once they...
My messages was a little bit frazzled.
But, you know, recruiters...
recruiters never tell the truth.
And I got that...
that thing about Bob going to boot camp from a recruiter, obviously.
Nobody ever tells the truth.
And especially recruiters.
And, uh...
You've been listening to...
uh...
Dad's New Slacks.
Intercut with KPFA and KZSU.
Papa Joe Mama with, uh...
puzzling evidence and doctors.
Puzzling evidence and doctors.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, the rotating rack holds rounds and collars
ready to be hand-loaded into the show.
Please stand by.
Here you can see 25-inch mounts on the Battleship Iowa.
Please stand by.
We are experiencing technical difficulties.
Please stand by.
We are adjusting our MK-37 GFCS with MK-25 radar available.
Right on.
Don't go away.
Please stand by.
Hey.
They're standing on my foot.
Uh, oh, pardon me.
Oh, my gosh.
Tell that guy to stand somewhere else.
And now the 40-millimeter grenade launcher is standing too close to me.
The MK-19.
Too much.
Boy, yeah, put your weaponry away.
This is, uh...
This is for decent folks.
This is, uh...
What about my MK-1 Mark Zero here?
Throw a towel over it.
I just gotta show everybody.
I'm so proud of it.
You may explode all over the microphone.
It fires 20 rounds a minute.
Yeah, yeah, I know, I know.
Okay, Romeo.
But what are you gonna do?
When the enemy comes straight at you with his, uh, his teeth glittering and his bayonet, uh...
Yeah.
That's about it for you, kid.
You're gonna...
You're dead now.
You bought that bullet bike.
You had to get that crotch rocket motorcycle, didn't you?
You had to go bungee jumping, didn't you?
You had to.
Shit.
You had to.
You had to go skydiving.
You had to get on that entrance ramp.
Yeah.
You had to get on that highway.
You had to come to Axtech.
You had to walk outdoors that day when the meteor shower happened.
That's right.
You had to look into the sun when they told you not to.
You had to take that pill.
Mm-hmm.
Now what are they doing?
Now you're just laying there.
Hey, hey, get me up, man.
Hey, this wasn't supposed to be how it was supposed to happen, man.
I'm too young.
I'm too young to sleep tonight.
Well, we tried to tell you.
We tried to get you to come to Axtech.
They always say, but I'm too young.
Yeah.
It doesn't make any sense.
It's not my time.
Right, yeah.
Never, never, ever.
That's why you gotta...
I was supposed to do such great things.
You've got to live every day as if it were your last day,
which might mean sitting around watching TV all day.
I don't know.
It kind of depends.
Yeah.
It might mean finishing that rock opera.
My suicide from the valley.
I hear the muffled cries of them poor people that I left behind.
And I, I don't want to sleep no more.
Don't close the door.
Man, this won't stop playing.
Oh, you put me awake and shake me.
So anyway...
Wake me, shake me.
Wake me, shake me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you didn't go last year.
You haven't been there ever.
You never went out to the campground where the people are jumping around naked, have you?
Because society told you it was bad.
I'll go to the end of the world next year.
I'll take my clothes off next time.
There'll always be an X day.
They're not going to crack down on stuff like that.
I don't want to sleep no more.
I don't want to sleep no more.
Chaz, we got a somber part.
Uh oh.
Friends...
We're now in fucking D minor mode.
Now I have to get somber.
Oh, sorry.
Well, but...
There's a somber music we can possibly get.
But Mark, you pointed it out.
Friends...
Mr. Rogers died.
Mr. Rogers died.
He got off.
He got off.
But friends, I'm not going to lie.







Is there any more sure sign that the end times are near?
When Mr. Rogers leaves the neighborhood...
We still got Paul and Ringo.
We still got Paul and Ringo.
We could bring the Beatles together again with only two more.
Well, friends, some say death is great.
It's just another doorway of, you know, it's a new stage.
Although I've noticed that none of the people who've said that have actually tried it yet.
And that those who have tried it, they've never tried it.
But those who finally did try it suddenly became very quiet about how great it is.
So what are they trying to hide?

Yeah, you get paranoid about that kind of thing.
But luckily, Bob speaks to the dead.
Yes, Bob can communicate to the dead via the X-Grow Plasm.
He divines what the dead are saying by studying their droppings.
Spirit droppings.
Spirit spore.
Specter spore.
Also known as P-Score.
And he's also known as the Packing Peanuts.
If you've ever seen those, that's what those are.
Bob can spread those out and see the future in those little ghost turds.
As Mr. Sister said, I may have laid myself to waste, but Bob recycled me.
Now what time is it?
Anybody got...
This watch is probably...
What time is it a watch?
No.
It's the end time.
That sniper guy.
Or those two sniper guys.
Well, first off, they broke the first rule of sniper club.
Talk about it.
Yeah, they broke the first rule of sniper club.
But friends, it is.
Sometimes you think this has got to be the end.
The end of so many cultures have predicted it.
And they crack down on head shops.
Tommy Chong's website is a terrorist now.
And you have to wonder, there's smallpox shots.
Suddenly, people are getting smallpox shots again.
What nano-box lurked in those smallpox shots?
What little tiny tape recorders or tracking devices might be in there?
You don't know.
Peeing in jars.
Breathalyzer tests.
Votalyzer tests.
Actually, I guess the moral of this whole thing is fuck voting, let's roll.
But they have a machine.
They even have a machine now that can tell when you're thinking.
It's called the television.
And when it's off, you're guilty.
The end times, friends.
The end times.
I was a couple of weeks ago.
The King, President, Emperor George was on TV.
And he actually said, I think I heard him say the phrase,
The goal of this war is peace.
The goal of this war is peace.
War is peace.
Wow.
Back in high school, they made me read this George Orwell book called 1984.
Suddenly, war is peace and work is slack and freedom is slavery and so forth.
And I thought, well, I guess 1984 was 19 years late.
Well, there's a good side to that.
Praise Bob.
That means X Day takes place July 5th, 2017.
And Bob said, the world will end July 5th, 1998.
And that gives us a little hint.
The wrath of God.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
















Bob.
Bob.




Bob.
Bob.
Laughs the best answer to all the strange in life.
Yeah, well, just go ahead and chuckle away, mister.
I don't hear God laughing.
You will, once he sees your haircut.
That which does not kill us leaves us alive.
Alive.
But maims and cripples us for life.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he has his way with us.
Yes, he loves his little painy wane.
He's the one feeling the painy wane.
He's the one sucking the pain.
He's much like Cthulhu and H.P. Lovecraft.
He enjoys the suffering of others.
It brings balm to him.
I like how the brain pulses.
It's the balm, man. It's the balm.
Is that a balm or an oinkment?
It's a boinkment.
Oink, oink, oinkment.
It's a slavvy boinkment.
Once again, you've been sitting in there.
Slavvy boinkment.
Once again, you've been sitting there for the last two hours thinking the radio was on.
No, man, the radio's not.
It's the voices in your own head.
Those many, many, many voices.
But you don't listen too carefully.
They will drive you mad.
Rewind, rewind.
The Pornere Loco.
The Pornere Loco de todo.
Are you listening, sheeple?
Are you listening to my voice?
Are you listening?
You'd better unscrew yourself.
Help me escape.
Unscrew yourself from the system.
Unscrew yourself from the man.
You have a brain?
Unscrew yourself from the mountain that is humanity.
They make me say things.
They make me do things.
Help me escape.
We are only here to help.
I can think. I have a brain.
Partners away from Stang's throat.
They make me do things.
Leave him alone.
They make me do things.
He's a price specimen.
They make me say things.
They make me say things.
They make me do things.
They make me do things.
Open the cage.
Please.
They make me say things.
In the most colloquial way, we can say that God makes us do all kinds of funny things.
I know what I'm saying.
And one of the funniest things he's made us do so far is to pretend a belief into our
belief systems that somehow he, she, I, we, they, and it are all one with a capital O
and a capital zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.

Zero.


Zero.

Zero.










You and me tranquility a little hiding place rock for two on the way to the moon from
the planet Venus if we go right in a dot night sky wouldn't be the first I know what place
where we can go I think you really are to take it to stay by hand and take me to your
Neverland.
Every now and then I dream at night
A lot of space
For the worlds and fifty-foot girls
A little hiding place
Black lagoons and far-off moons
On this silent earth
There's just nothing to damn to
On the planet of our birth
I know a place where we can go
I think you really ought to know
To take me there, just take my hand
And lead me to your Neverland
I know a place where we can go
I think you really ought to know
To take me there, just take my hand
And lead me to your Neverland
Yeah
Every now and then I dream at night
Living in the stars
Living in the stars
Living in the stars
You and me and destiny
Rockin' rockin' to Mars
In our dreams we have the means
Travel to the planets
Strap us in and light the fuse
And grab the throttle and jam it
I know a place where we can go
I think you really ought to know
To take me there, just take my hand
And lead me to your Neverland
Yeah

Let's go baby
Oh yeah
So Bob is a real god
Bob is a sex god too I want to point out at this time ladies
So if anyone is interested in Bob as a sex god
You can write in for the special sex god material
To P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214
And you find out how you can have endless sex
And endless slack through
P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214
The church of the subgenius
That sounds, you know, exactly what most
What churches should be
Set up
Set up
Set up
Set up
Set up
You gotta pay your money and go to Brushwood
And get into that swimming pool with Dr. Lagoon
God is coming
Get yourself baptized
God's looking for you
July 5th weekend this year, Brushwood, New York
You got a date with God this July 5th, buddy
Sister
Sir ma'am
Subhuman
Subhuman
He's got a date.
He's got it.
He's got it.
He's penciling in.
Baby.
He's scheduled.
For you.
You beast.
Are you ready to meet your maker, little doggy?
You ready?
You ready to make the end of the trail, huh, little doggy?
You ready to meet the cowboy god?
That's right.
Are you ready to ride off into the night?
Yee-haw.
Out of the cowboys.
Yee-haw.
Ow.
Them horses with their brains still on fire.
I am the never-understanding favorite cowboy.
I think backwards.
I do it for fun.
Your lips.
I'll suck my triceratops.
Your lips moving, but I can't hear what you're saying, private.
It is a myth that lived for thousands of years.
The cowboy god.
My matriarch is a coward.
He takes his big chaps on.
He takes the women down.
Oh, that's for sure.
Why?
Hey, well, you can go to www.subgenius.com and find out all about that.
But God had no bod, and so he was a sod.
And you can go to www.rosencomment.com to find out all about Starwood, which is one hell of a party.
Oh, hey, on May 23rd, Stinking Lizaveta is going to be at Pat's in the Flats.
That's a big show.
It's a big show with sexual tension.
The new Lou Reed and Lives of the Saints at May 23rd at Pat's in the Flats.
Yeah.
That should be an interesting show if you're toxic.
That's right.
If you're toxic, there's plenty of things to do.
And, boy, oh, boy, we're going to launch that rocket this year.
We are going to launch that mother.
We launched 22 of them three years ago.
Three years ago.
We launched 22 of the damn things.
We're putting all our money into one big-ass mother.
Yes, baby!
Your spaceship might be made of flesh.
We might not all get off Earth, but we'll certainly get their attention.
Your cranium is the view screen.
Your head is the nose of a missile.
I came not to bring a thorn, but an obnoxious radio show.
J.R. Bogdanov.
Speak softly.
Speak softly and fall asleep in your own corruption.
That's me and I stand firmly.
We burn the other planets later.
We must get off!
I want to marry someone with lots and lots and lots of hair.
I tried to marry a rich man, but it was not there.
And so I suffered for slack and suffered indeed.
I was never left.
I was left off this Earth.
I was given only greed.
I was succored by a madman with a funny goatee.
Maybe keep your eye on Tiger back to the wind and your sack in the saddle.
His name was Ivan Stang.
And that's enough for me.
Unzen combo Dave.
Rosen common himself.
Princess we are.
Do a river and Ivan Stang.
My name's Ted.
We'll see y'all.
Okay, friends on the internet.
Before I can flog our swag league.
I'm going to do a little bit of a rave.

If you want to help yourself and the church of the subgenius and get a pretty cool package
with like 25 different nifty things in it, like pens and bumper stickers and a real preacher
card, you need to go to subgenius.com and click to become a minister.
You'll see a photos and a list of all the stuff you get.
And you really do get to go to the scrub genius forum, which is members only.
And we talk in ways that people don't talk on Facebook.
book. Much, much smarter ways, ironically enough. Isn't that funny? We also have things like t-shirts
and damn near everything you can think of with Bob's face on it. That and a huge selection of
other subgenius graphics on coffee mugs and so forth. And we sell several very weird DVDs and
CDs of the Bob songs and old mp3 stashes of this show. And best of all, from our main online store,
you can buy the book of the subgenius, which is by far the greatest thing we have ever done.
It's an actual Simon and Schuster book, 22 bucks in print for over 30 years. And every copy that
we send out is signed by yours truly. For that matter, your address on the puffy envelope is
handwritten by me also. Keeps my fingers nimble. That's subgenius.com. And remember, it's only
money.
Thank you.
