Sound impossible?
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
Oh well, you take the pinch of salt, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb,
walk with a shim around a turning decapitated child's head,
and then jump into the grave and say,
hop on my thumb, hop on my thumb, this is a problem I must overcome.
Play in a dead cat, or a live cat that's not feeling well.
Then cover with the sod, and when the birds chirp on the third Saturday after Micklemas,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in the tumulus.
Insert it in the tumulus, the heap, the shambling mound over the grave.
And this time you will experience a divine regurgitation,
somewhat like unto the immaculation of J.R. Mockadobs,
the slain and martyred epoch of the Church of the Subterranean.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
It's something somebody put in us.
Fusion.
Help.
Hydrogen fusion.
Hydrogen fusion?
Hmm.
Well, it's...
I know you are the mama.
Hydro-confusion.
Join the Church of the Subterranean.
Yes.
Hydrogen fusion, hyper-confusion.
This material contains information affecting the national defense of the United States
within the meaning of the Espionage Law,
Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 7098 and 74,
a transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person is indefinitely prohibited by law.
yearly a
the
A beginning is a very delicate time.
Shut up!
Shut up!
That's it!
Look out, guys!
No way!
A beginning is a very delicate time.
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
And there we're centered.
Oh, okay, we're on lock.
Oh, okay.
You are interested in the unknown,
the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
We are controlling transmission.
No trouble.
Excuse me.
Set, set, set.
It's going.
Hear me.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
A beginning is a very delicate time.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
That's this switch here.
Okay, I think we're ready to go.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!








Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!




Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius hour of...
What?
Every time you say, see, hear, or think...
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
Ah, so nice out here in the little studio.
Perfect concentration.
No distractions.
No anxiety.
No fear.
No fear.
FOTO
TAKE ACTION
TAKE ACTION


PHIL ENGEL

PHIL ENGEL

PHIL ENGEL
PHIL loin
PHIL ENGEL
PHIL ENGEL
all eight

all eight


PHIL ENGEL

PHIL ENGEL
PHOOP

DISCONDIT
LIP
DEON


legates

Central Services
We do the work, you do the pleasure
Hi there. I want to talk to you about ducts.
Do your ducts seem old-fashioned?
Out of date?
Central Services' new duct designs
are now available in hundreds of different colours
to suit your individual taste.
Hurry now, while stocks last,
to your nearest Central Services showroom.
Designer colours to suit your demanding taste.
The rumour became reality.
Another satanic cult.
Yes, just another evil cult that was supposed to be a good one.
This is how the war gets on the radio.
I think a lot of subgeniuses originally believed
they were doing something good by joining the church.
That wheel and chain set up makes the sound of moving artillery.
Sounds like a real battle.
Well, it's nothing compared to what it takes to move this show.
Don't be alarmed.
It's a lot more work than saving souls, believe me.
That punch didn't connect.
The sound was faked.
Although, Stang suffered a real blow
from an infuriated Gabofran.
That was a great blow.
Yes, the mallet on a grapefruit gave the sound of that blow.
Curiously refreshing.
It was a lot of fun, too.
But here they come.
The guard is forming to march the guilty offender away.
Yes, those who believed the wrong lies in the book of the subgenius
taken into the stadium near Dobstown
and all the Malaysians pour into the little wooden seats.
For the clumsy child with the hard-to-fit shoe size,
Cap Bigfoot, our 31st season.
Boys and girls, 6 to 18, 10D to 15, EEEEEE.
Our patient understanding staff has had outstanding success
with the clumsy, uncoordinated child.
Our unique patent.
The
method starts your child from scratch,
from crawling to early walking,
to full walking, trotting and running,
until he is actually strutting, dancing and doing gymnastics.
Many of our graduates are now prominent in ballet and jazz tap.
Write to George Trefeld, Camp Bigfoot, Peppermill, Oregon, 65201.
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead, we...
Kathryn When Platypus
Tabidplum







law, még met 코로나
kビ Hospнакомрейтkeimmt nête It пар massaь pendid� Häryardes voor Riendo um d Lynthia Britannica
I sure do hope y'all are listening in headphones.
This is a real headphone show, so please do take the time.
A beginning is a very delicate thing.
A beginning is a very delicate time.
Here and there, clowns and ballerinas everywhere.
Bob?
Hey!
Bob!
Watch!
Hey!
Bob!
Oh yes, dear friends.
This is the VT, a Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
Bob.
He is a channel, just like in America.
And people need Slack.
That's a lot of fun.
In Chinese, we call Slack, Lutin Pack.
That's a lot of fun.
But it must be true Slack, not the best Slack of our conspiracy.
Boy, will you look at that guy's Slack.
Help me somebody.
Help me somebody.
Thank you, Lily Jing.
Yes, my friends, we have the great Ivan Stang here tonight.
Ivan Stang himself.
The grand auditor and chief inquisitor of the subgenius faith,
who has every subgenius' name on his special basement computer.
And he's here tonight to make the hour and a half of Slack seem like, well, like forever.
Ivan Stang.
That's Stang who stangs.
Silly and sour of rank.
Of Serno's squad and Jeter's fang.
When the feats are upon us, when the day finally is on us,
the beats will broil, but not in song.
Nature and men will stand aside.
The jaws of doom shall open wide,
while Ivan Stang shall perch inside.
Where fromlessness and sickness dwell,
false prophets from their citadels,
he topples down to nether hell.
He judges pigs and guinea-paws,
and renders into visit-blobs
those who profane the name of dogs.
He rules the pasts of king or host,
evens his nights on the coast,
a clinch from his name as from a ghost.
Where can we go?
Where can we find?
No place in all this world so wide,
shall escape the dire subgenial tide.
The jaders howl, the sternoes plead,
Bohemondess rises from the sea.
No hiding place for you indeed.
What future does our doom procure us?
Can the earth indeed endure us?
Let the damned world offset for us.
A man of God's destiny,


The General Stangerang, the gangster of the Gang of Gangs.
Let us now welcome Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
So good to be here.
Say it, Ivan, say it.
Feeling the power.
In this hideous, hideous place.
Bob lives, friends.
Bob lives.
Don't let him tell you otherwise.
He ain't dead.
Oh, what is this anyway?
I should know.
I'm the guy that has to read sooner or later all the mail that comes to that.
That you probably thought was just made up.
The opinions expressed by Ivan Stang do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the staff and management of this radio station,
the other staff, the relations and spouses of the staff and management, or the staff of this staff and staff.
That's really true, Al, but he doesn't know that it's all over the place these days.
Bob's body dragged out of the Victoria Theater with these eyes.
These deadlights look.
They've done Bob and the light was drifting from them forever.
There's saint of sale corpses dotting the landscape all the way from Little Rock to Berkeley here.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I mean, just because there's a Dobbs corpse there doesn't necessarily...
I mean, can Bob really die?
Can Bob really die?
We be ready and sit on him for decades.
Bob?

Well, that was fun.
Well, that was, wow.

Hey, how was it?
We did.

He was, he threw in a ton of snow.





The second.
Control.
When it blows its.
When it blows its.
When it blows its.
When it blows its.
When it blows its.
He ain't nowhere to be found.
When the wolves crawl.
While we're down.
When the war troup.
When the.
Now we're around.
Hide all the women in town.
Hide.
Hide all the women in town.
When it blows its.
When it blows its.

When it blows its.
All you girls.
Make no mistakes.
He's a troll.
He makes no mistakes.
He takes them out.
Out on the nice mud.
The town of the Bronsons.
Say I'll see you around.
When he's straightened up.
They all bend down.
He don't bow to bad water.
He don't push it all around.
Comforts.
He wants it all the same.
He Mama'll give up on it.
This colorful world has been with us for seven years.
If itayıme, the birthing chair of the creatures who lost that a thousand years ended and
braves and underwater squared it, beautiful planet we are.


Woman.
I'm dumbfounded.
I'm dumbfounded.



I'm mad.



Nope, nope, nope.
Censorship and Libraries.
A free exhibit in the plaza-level community showcase at the J. Eric Johnson Central Library.
Said it right that time.
1515 Young in Dallas.
The Censorship and Libraries exhibit will take place during regular library hours from January 12th through February 22nd, 1987.
The exhibit documents cases of censorship of books in libraries.
In the last 10 years.
Copies of the banned books will be available for everyone, even little kids, to page through at their leisure.
For more information, call 749-400.
No, 749-4100.
There we go.
Oh, and by the way, you can also catch Buck Naked.
And, uh...
Mm-hmm.
More drunk cowboys.
On the first Saturday of every month at Winedale's Tavern.
And I'm sure you know where that is.
Okay, you gals out there.
We haven't gotten any, uh...
Uh...
Any more entries in the Win a Date with Cleve Duncan contest.
I mean, I'm not even gonna go into...
If you don't know who Cleve Duncan is...
Then, you probably don't deserve the date.
But if you do, go ahead and try, go ahead and try.
It's important.
It can be very important.
Whoop whoop!
Clint
It's really, really tough.
But even more surprising is...
페 발생
It's Don arvin arms?
Oh!
disease?
Slack faster, makes it go faster.
Then every hour I score to the bone.
He's the one I got, he's picking up your behind.
If you want to know the truth, then that's a fact.
Somebody scream, give me more slack.
Give me more slack.
Do you like slack?
I like it.
I say, I love slack.
I love it.
Do you want slack?
I want it.
Do you need slack?
I need it.
I need it.
I need it.
I need it.
I need it.
I need it.
Get down to the program.
Ride hard to hold my one.
I got the most in the nation.
I take it.
I got the most in the world.
I got the most in the world.
Yeah, he'll be hopping to the barbershop with more slack.
I got a half.
my slack. Give it to me. Yeah. Praise Bob. Hey. Boy, I mean, slack is better than red
bees. Right. 90.9 FM Dallas.
No, man. She was 40 feet wide. I went to her. I went to her grave. Everybody
threw flowers. Right through that. Great. The police came and got me and
put me in jail. I brought up a new gun and shot him to
jail. Oh, thank you, Tevis. That was a beautiful rendition of a classic,
classic childhood song. And there'll be more from the tiniest subgenius
prophet coming up. But friends, you know, we've been griping about those
who didn't pay their pledge, but we haven't really thanked those who had.
And well, the will of Dobbs and I got to looking at the
this board in here, this this poster that they've put up that keeps track of who what
shows are ahead and what shows are behind on the pledge drive. And friends, I I could
scarcely believe it. But the hour of slack is number five among all KNO in shows as far
as paid pledges go. And the other the four shows out of 80, what, 81 shows that I've
been on, I think. Yeah. Eighty one shows out of 81 shows, the four shows that made more money during that pledge drive.
The hour of slack were all on for like 10 hours a day. They're on every day. We did better than pajama party,
better than anybody. The the now the gospel shows, they got as much pledges as the subgenius show,
but strangely, only eight percent paid. Wonder what that means. Well, anyway, 50 percent of you subgeniuses have paid.
I think by now probably 50%.
And those who haven't, if you haven't gotten the calls already, you will.
You'll get that call.
And it's all being recorded, not only on magnetic media here in this century,
but on the Akashic records, the records of all things that have ever occurred,
even inside your brain, that's all recorded.
And we have access to those through our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And friends, we're going to continue with the show.
I hope you're, once again, I hope you're in headphones.
This is a real headphone show.
How do we know you're not being a Todd Bob?
Oh, God.
What in the name of the world are you coming to?
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
Yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
They beat me every day.
I know you're a dumbass.
They force you to sleep on boards.
But that's the last.
No, he's not.
He's a bastard.
He's a witness.
He's going to reveal.
So, all right.
Let's stay in the house.
Let's have geniuses came in.
They took all my furniture and sold it to buy me this neck brace that I can't take off now.
They said it was a living being.
I love that.
Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
Here comes the frat.
At each corner.
At the mouth.
Insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Now slide the thumbs along the inside of the upper lip until they are positioned just below and to the side of each nostril.
The results are thrilling.
Everywhere these messages are heard, souls are being saved and sick bodies are being healed.
Don't send them your money.
They've got me locked up in there.
Ah!
Yes.
Please disregard that.
I've lost my message.
Refuse to send money to the church of the subgenius.
What do you want to do?
And I too fell under the power of me.
What?
You want to tell them what it is?
And I don't think they should know.
They're trying to shut us up, but there are some genius dissidents.
There are...
There are...
There are...
There are...
There are...
There are...

There are...
There are...
There are...
Stop right there.
There are...
Are wretches.
Where's my money?
There it is.
Oh come on, drive over or I will show you.
I don't know what happened to me in that ohne Xinul Philip Huo!
Well, that was aのlly not again.
And here it, Voixen?
Do you taste that?

And who will eat that talk of action?

It's none of your business.
Fear not.
Farming here is deed.
Just the rage.
Don't leave me here.
They make me safe.
Don't leave me here.
I understand, Sam.
Don't let them kill me.
Torture me.
I understand.
They torture me.
I don't want to be killed.
They torture me.
Don't let them kill me.
Don't let them kill me.
Don't let them kill me.
I hate this place.
...Parrot and Parakeet training camp.
They torture me.
They torture me.
I hate this place.
...Parrot and Parakeet training camp.
I hate this place.
Go ahead. I'll kill them.
This has been the subgenius.
Parrot and Parakeet training camp.
I'm finding my legs.
God and man be a witness.
Even in the belly of the Thunderbird,
I've been casting out the false prophets.
I'm busting and blowing my o-ring.
I'm busting and blowing my o-ring.


Run.
Run.
Me.
The Ministry of Information, Deputy Minister Eugene Holtman.
Good evening, David.
What do you believe is behind this recent increase in terrorist bombings?
Bad sportsmanship.
A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old-fashioned virtues.
They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win.
If these people would just play the game, they'd get a lot more out of life.
Nevertheless, Mr. Holtman, there are those who maintain that the Ministry of Information has become too large and unwieldy.
David, in a free society, information is the name of the game.
You can't win the game if you're a man.
I'm short.
And the cost of it all, Deputy Minister, 7% of the gross national product.
I understand this concern on behalf of the taxpayer.
People want value for money.
That's why we always insist on the principle of information retrieval charges.
It's absolutely right, sir, that those found guilty should pay for their periods of detention
and for the information retrieval procedures used in their interrogation.
Do you believe that the government is winning the battle against terrorists?
Oh, yes.
Our morale is much higher than theirs.
They're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out,
and pretty consistently knocking them for six.
I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
Watch.
Law-abiding citizens have to subsidize criminals.
But, Mr. Heldman, the bombing campaign is now in its 13th year.
Beginner's luck.
Thank you very much, Deputy Minister.
Thank you, David.
And a very Merry Christmas to you all.
Know then that it is the year 10,191.
They're out.
They're out.
They're out.
They're out.








They're out.
They're out.
They're out.



There has never been a world without a Bob.
Just as there's never been a Bob without a Dick.
His corresponding evil twin brother, Dick Dobbs.
The demons you may see during the initial hallucinations are not real.
If you do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
So, always resurface, for!
the hypnosis slowly different
well yes i i was gonna make i was gonna make serious funny noises
because because we all know that bob is the man that makes all the ladies go
it's all the men go well please take a little rest it ain't an own
laid-back universe dear friends it's a little rest universe an action-packed universe
holes between their shoelaces
just because enormous bioplasm when it stretches throughout
oh did you get some of that too yes it was delicious
he was a little short chubby guy and that's where bob got the idea
they say he came in with checkered pants on but i just don't remember he was allowed to eat all
challenging anything changes bob's big boy was a real person that's true
a real bob and this parable goes to show that there is indeed always a real bob
there has to be a bob dear friend even the things which you cannot possibly believe in
bob's big boy indeed turn out to be an actual historic person and as it is with bob's big boy
surely it is with the far
far more impressive and major deity we know as the Avatar of All Slack.
That's how we know him.
Others call him Pimp, Hormonger.
Others call him a demon.
Or your mama.
Indeed.
And the children of Bob are everywhere.
Bob lives on in his millions and millions, literally millions, of illegitimate children.
All of them pressing lawsuits against me personally.
Well, Doctor, I'm sure you're used to it by now.
When I took on the job as Sacred Scribe at the church, I had no idea what I was going to be getting into.
We had 500 employees in 1980.
Now it's just me and someone else.
Well, that's just the Reagan-esque spirit that's been introducing us togetherness for its own sake.
And yet they say that Bob doesn't even exist.
There are some who say that there is no Bob.
If there's no Bob, then where did all of those dead bodies come from?
What about all those ads in the 50s that he posted?
Well, it says right here, the body store.
Dead Bob's for any occasion.
Oh, put that away.
That's not impressing anyone.
No Bob too small, no Bob too big.
No, really, guys, all kidding aside, I must admit, at least the official Father Church,
the sub-genius foundation, which we don't expect any of you except the...
stinking Bobbies to cling to.
Nevertheless, we have the only true word of Bob, the original apostles.
And as far as I'm concerned, this whole thing about Bob being dead is a ruse.
Bob staged that whole thing himself.
It was fashionable in the 60s.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
It's the same frontwards and back, friends.
And there's a reason...











Bob.
There's an O in the middle.
A hole in the middle between those two Bs.
It's symbolic, friends.
You can look through that, the center of that O in Bob's name and see the future and the past.
But the spice must flow.
Oh.
I mean, and here he is.






The national45你们 acessoong it crazyackazzab 병 падMom, die Pck, ted tiddyoff자 뫼 ISa la la ja tris
there's still it heading on then.
dervish osiris norui Hed never dief Lazaris da natria ven cue l' необisblack Rosa Ullow ع 각

O'day, Hembrew let it leave my top-in!
A woman, age 93, was killed in a merry-go-round
when she and her wheelchair were thrown from the thing
in Sherman's amusement park.
The
Yankee diddle went to town riding on a baby
in the corner just in time to see the naked lady.
The Yankee diddle went to town riding on a turtle
in the corner just in time to see the lady turtle.
Yankee diddle went to town with a bag of peaches.
He rode so fast to coming back, he smashed a multi-piece.
Yankee diddle went to town riding on a pony,
riding on a rocket, bumped into the Alamo.
Alamo.
He was on the
paid on baby rocket.
You have reached the correct number.
However, your call has already been analyzed and rejected.
This matter is out of our hands.
As soon as we are able to transcend the time problems inherent in life on earth and gain
control of the situation, we will return you to your previously scheduled conversation.
If this had been an actual phone call, you would have been instructed to leave your name, number, time, and message when you hear the tone.
Thank you.
Reference time. Praise Bob.
This is Robert Anton Wilson, and about my appearance for the Church of the Subgenius, Jeff Rosenbaum, who arranges the tours.
We'll be calling you about that because he's the one who has all the flight plans and the airline tickets and his controls.
He will be the one who arranges the dates. If you win, I'll be there.
I better shut up because I'm running out of time. Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, yeah, that's right. That was Robert Anton Wilson.
About ten of you listeners probably know who he is.
We have the chance of setting up a lecture and or show or whatever.
With Robert Anton Wilson, he's going to be coming through Texas to do shows, at least in Austin, at the Book People's Bookstore.
I know about that one.
We could set one up here in Dallas, but we need about $450 or $500 front money, see, to get him in.
That's just the cost of the show, basically.
We also need a place to do it.
If anybody is...
wild and crazy about Robert Anton Wilson and wants to get real involved in bringing him to Dallas, then let us know.
For those of you who don't know, he's the author of Illuminatus and Schrodinger's Cat and several other cosmic science fiction books that...
Well, you just have to check them out.
But write us here at the station or write to Bob at EO Box 1403.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
What are you talking about, man?
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
All right, it's Nick.
Give me a call.
Oh, too bad we missed you.
This is Mike and Pam in Chicago.
We didn't know if you had caught Pee-Wee's Playhouse this morning.
But Bob was prominently displayed on the bulletin board.
If you didn't get it, let me know and I'll send you off a copy.
Have a good one.
Bye.
How long have you been in the U.S. of A?
Three months.
Where from?
Hong Kong.
What happens?
You stay here a while?
Old girls leave, new girls come in?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Take your tie off, please.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
My wife gave it to me for Christmas.
Wow.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.

Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Landsman.
Landsman.
Landsman.
Landsman.
Oh, my God.
Landsman.


Oh, my God.
You want to hurt me and solve the mystery?
You're not doing it right.
I brought you slack.
What do you mean brought you slack?
Died for your sins. Nobody knows how many times.
The only thing that ever brought me slack was leaving Paul at St. Louis.
I'm not here, Bob.
I shared this message with you.
I was the only slack I ever got out of this damn church and it cost me $3,000 to have him shipped back.
Well, most people don't fear Bob. Don't fear him a bit.
Oh, they think Bob's always going to be their buddy.
And then as soon as they think Bob's going to be their buddy, they think Bob's going to be their buddy.

Bob's dead.
They turn around. They think he ain't looking anymore.
They turn around and go to the pinks.
Going to the pinks, every one of them.
Oh, friends, he's just testing you.
He's been testing you for two years.
He knows if you've been bad or good.
Oh, yeah.
But more people are frightened of Gary than frightened of Bob.
Anybody want to go to an amusement park?
Why does this situation persist?
Well, it's because of the general loss of faith.
Companies that modernize and viewing their children as their own.


The fact that one can no longer support the fragility, superstition, and fanaticism of an earlier time
when one might well have believed in the smiling, pipe-smoking, benevolent figure known from the book of the subterranean.
That's right. That was really beautiful.
Very touching, Al.
It was just beautiful.
Could you repeat that?
Everybody welcome.
Now I'm here to talk about the conspiracy again, as usual.
But I'll talk about a different conspiracy this time.
The conspiracy within the Church of the Subterranean.
A drug of a great extruder.
There is a conspiracy that's a way of our breathing in.
And I think most of you know what I mean by the conspiracy.
Oh, really?
Yes.

The conspiracy is a conspiracy that he calls back.
It will be a world we can't stop.
All is well, Lord.
And it's coming again.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
And it's coming again.
And we don't want the answers upon us.
And we need more to be honest.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
And it's coming again.
It's coming again.
All is well, Lord.
All is well, Lord.
And it's coming again.
Yes, I am the purple flower of hell, Connie.
Give me wide birth when I drop my drow's mother nature's spools.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity, and destruction
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America,
a time of cataclysmic economic change
that will offer untold riches and power
to those in the know,
while billions of deserving conspiracy dupes
fry in hell on Earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebreath
and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural bridges,
and a restoration of lost psychic abilities
that will transform the lives of those
who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right.
You're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more!
Here's what he brought.
Wise up!
They're out to get you.
Moving podium.
Prod.
And having once prodded moves on.
I'm not moving.
You know, the subgenius is not just below a genius,
whatever that may be.
The subgenius does not pretend to super knowledge,
but to subknowledge.
Knowledge.

Knowledge.
Knowledge.
Knowledge.
Knowledge.
The underthings.
The underwear lurking beneath the clothing of existence.
The foundation garment, if you will.
Underlying reality.
You see, the subgenius is a strange beast indeed.
Give me a chance.
You'd be a fan of sound effects while you're at it, would you?
Oh, yeah, and some show stretchers.
And listen to him.
I need some show stretchers back.
Yes, friends.
How about something to eat?
Little did many of you know, but this isn't the only subgenius show.
In fact, there's six weekly subgenius shows now in New York, Beijing, New Jersey, Richmond, Virginia, St. Louis, Dallas.
Come on, hurry now.
We have to catch the last one.
I gave the anti-virgin a high-protein tonsil wash.
I'm a bacteriological weapon.
I'm armed and I'm loaded.
I'm a fission reactor.
I fight plutonium.
Power plants are fueled by the sweat from my brow.
When they plug me in, the lights go out.
In Hong Kong, I weigh 666 pounds with zero gravity.
Come and get me.
I don't ever die.
I don't ever die.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
Soon they'll begin to fold space, far off in the control rooms of Spice Gas, traveling without moving.
Ivan Stang, 15, shows scars after being attacked by an alligator near West Palm Beach, Florida, Monday.
Ivan and a friend were swimming in the lake when suddenly he was grabbed by the head and pulled underwater by a giant sharp-toothed saurian.
I couldn't see anything but teeth and didn't know what had hold of me until the gator let loose and swam away, said Ivan, who suffered wounds requiring 41 stitches.
This is supposed to be a religious show.
Now what is the interpretation of this parable, my friends?
The alligator is the worldly mob.
The rabble, who always seek to devour and assimilate the holy men of the Church of the Subgenius.
The lone swimmer, buoyed up by the fluid element, represents, upon the other hand, the striving outward force of the Church of the Subgenius,
which requires 41 stitches, the same number as the number of bullet holes in Bob's bullet-reddled body.
Praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
What are we going to do?
Wouldn't you like revenge?
Revenge on these mediocrities?
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
These pink boys, these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens, these normals who have made normality the norm?
Well, no, I wouldn't like revenge on those people.
I'd like revenge on you, Ivan, because you've taken one too many $20 check from me.
I've never got...
I want my slack.
Let's see your Subgenius membership card, hmm?
Now let's not get into the...
I mean, say the end times came a little bit soon, Gary.
I have my...
I mean, I don't know if you'd make it on the escape saucers of the sex goddesses without your little Subgenius membership card.
I'd sure try.
Ah, this is a great example you're setting for the people out here.
See, I've got my Bob-a-mirror card here.
It says that I paid up to 1997?
You see, Gary is the Rasputin of the Church of the Subgenius, often sought for, but rarely encountered.
And it is this self-same learning for slack which separates us from them.
You're not the hip.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness, yet he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
He thinks it's fine.
Who... big deal.
Who cares?
Well, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Sang.
And, uh, we've been getting some calls tonight from people who apparently never heard of the Church of the Subgenius before,
don't know anything about it, don't know that there's acres and acres of reading material available,
don't know...
which is up at least to the level of the incredible mixing you're hearing on this show.
Uh, and you can write for information.
That's all we can tell you on this station.
For very good reason.
Because you need to send your money to the station.
But, uh, you can send your letters of your questions, send your questions to Bob.
That's J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, friends, that address is coming up.
As you stay tuned for Ron Lindsey's Soul Oldies.
Have that pencil ready by now?
Well, you need to write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Oh, Ron just got here.
So, friends, your hour of slack is coming to an end.
But be ready for more slack.
More slack dripping and leaking all over you from Ron Lindsey's Soul Oldies.
Ha ha, yes.
I suppose we could get him, but...
they're nothing but half-witted cattle...
racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse and stampeding you along with them.
But what do you care?
Oh, you've got slack.
Slack.
Yeah.
Anybody want to get on the slack?
You've got slack.
That's them all.
Oh, get along, little bobbies.
Go head on down to Dobbs Town now.
Get on in that Dobbs Town corral, you little bobbies.
Ha ha ha.
Hmm.
Oh, what's up?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, there's a nice fat one.
Yes, he'll be a good trading commodity come the bargaining session with the exes.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
First off, I noticed y'all don't talk about religion much.
I guess it's real hip out here in California.
It's a more humanistic approach to what's like this.
No, we believe in just letting the holy benediction of Bob flow out like pus and mustard.
Just don't underpin the true power of the show.
It's very fashionable to say Bob is a good man.
Oh, he was a prophet.
But, uh...
This is a chance.
This is a chance.
This is a chance.
I don't go for the wild superstitions.
Certainly not.
Very fashionable.
It happens to be serious and crazy.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, so cold.
But, silently, I slow to ease my spirit like Bob.
In humble trust, my eyelids shiver.
In reverential resignation.
No wish to strive.
No thought expressed.
Only a sense of suffocation.
With a groove I only got, we shall all be moved.
Ready or not, here we come.
Getting down on the one which we've been feeding.
Can I get it on my foot?
But, good God!
Oh, there's more to come.
Oh, turn my gas down!
Oh, there's more to come.
Oh, turn my gas down!
We might find a way, but a new move shall take us to a better life.
Oh, don't tell me now.
I knew more of what you're talking for.
You don't tell me now.
