I'm Robert Wisdom, and you've been listening to the American Music Party.
Hey, Robert, you need to leave your deck running,
because I've got some Elvis outtakes coming up here that you might enjoy.
Indeed. Okay.
It's embarrassing.
You know, I mean, we all love the king and everything,
but let the truth be known,
I think this was recorded at some live show
just shortly before he crossed over into the before life,
or the afterlife, whichever comes first for people like him.
Do you gaze at your bald head
And wish you had hair
And your heart filled with pain
Shall I come back
Tell me, dear
Are you lost?
Oh, Lord, Lord.
I wonder...
Come on, Elvis, get it together.
Someone said,
the world's a stage, and each must play a part.
Ha, ha, ha.
I can...
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, God.
Oh, man, I...
Ha, ha, ha.
More of them kind pills, Bob.
Ha, ha, ha.
And I had no cause to die.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
Sing it, baby.
Ha, ha, ha.
Shall I come back again?
Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight?
Is your heart filled with pain?
Shall I come back again?
Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight?
Is your heart filled with pain?
Last week, this is called Naga.
You don't have to say anything. You don't have to do anything.
Oh, okay. Sorry.
What?
Come on.
I'm glad we both got a laugh out of that.
Oh, boy.
Boy, I'll say.
Oh.
Well, it once was a man.
The world.

The salesman, and he had devised a plan to get the shackles from my feet.
Oh yeah, but now he's gone.
A martyr for the cause, for the father.
And he's coming again.
Who knew that the first shot was gonna be the last shot.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
The gas smoke all through the night.
And although he may be hurting the universe.
He's gonna squirt all the smoke.
And he's coming again.
And he's coming again.
He's singing this mighty gospel song.
From the men in black.
With just a shot from his mighty sack.
If only he could make it back.
From the land of the dead.
But until that happy day.
We can only drink and say.
Father's my Lord.
And he's coming again.
I know he can make it.
Without him we can't take it.
We'll lose the pieces of our minds.
To the pink boys and the whims.
Until the day that he comes back.
It'll be a world with no sack.
Mom just calls out.
And he's coming again.
Father's my Lord.
Father's my Lord.
Father's my Lord.
And he's coming again.
If we don't want the answers upon us.
Then we need Bob to be honest.
Father's my Lord.
Father's my Lord.
Bob's my Lord.
And he's coming again.
Great God is coming for me right now.
Great God almighty.
Bob is my Lord.
And he's coming again.
Oh yes.
That was Slack Master Cleave.
And the spurious jive dear friends.
Help me somebody.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm Bob.




So what's the point of me being a nerd?
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Our own slack.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Gosh.
Well, you've heard those intro tapes a million times before.
But we've got important news here.
And there's no time for us to do a mailing to the members of the church.
So you're going to have to tell all your friends that may not be listening to this show.
But as of a couple of days ago, I found out that there's going to be a subgenius video devival.
That's right.
We're going to have a revival right here in Dallas at, of all places, Mistral.
That's right.
That's that disco video joint in the Anatole Hotel on I-35.
That's the hotel with the pyramids on it.
That's happening.
Half price for subgeniuses, folks.
But you have to be able to show a membership card or just Bob's face.
Bring that face with you.
And if you don't know what I'm talking about, then forget it.
Don't even show up.
But how did the subgenius church end up at a fancy, schmancy place like Mistral?
A veritable citadel of pinkness.
And it is, friends.
A place that most subs wouldn't be caught dead in, even if they could afford it.
It's because they wanted to show video art over there.
And, you know, that's a nicer place than most of us are used to, in a way, you know, in terms of niceness.
That's a slick joint.
I don't think you have to dress up, though.
Well, dress up subgenius style, right?
Because this is a devival.
And it'll be interesting.
It'll be interesting to see the reactions of their regular crowd to a subgenius devival.
Because I'm not going to water the preachings down.
It's mostly going to be a video show on their giant wall screen thing.
So, you know, if you've ever wanted to see what the Hour of Slack looks like, this is going to be it, basically.
I'm going to be doing this just like an Hour of Slack, only instead of audio cassettes, it'll be video cassettes.
And, I don't know, they wanted to have a video art show.
And we're under the entirely mistaken.
They're under the impression that this church, this one true church, is art.
And it was not, as many people might think...
The subgenius.
What?
What?
Oh, forget that.
Like I said, you've heard that one.
You've heard that one.
But the reason they're doing this show, friends, is not because of the brouhaha stirred up by the Dallas Observer in the new issue.
Which, if you haven't seen it, it's got this complete celebrity gossip fabrication.
Dreamed up by some Baltimore reporter geek.
And for some reason, it's inexplicably reprinted word for word in the Dallas Observer.
Even though we tried to set them straight.
Maybe we didn't do it in time.
You know, that may just be it.
But a couple of months ago, this Baltimore reporter called me up, obviously bent on skinning David Byrne alive by hook or by crook.
I don't know what this guy has against talking heads.
Except that they're popular.
You know?
But I said, no, listen, listen.
We're not mad about the fact that there's a subgenius devival scene in the True Stories movie.
But no word of subgenius.
That's not that big of a deal.
It was an understandable situation.
David Byrne certainly didn't mean to rip anyone off.
And he isn't ripping anybody off.
He doesn't owe us a credit.
But it just would have been nice.
That's the way we looked at it.
And that's what I told the Observer when they called last week.
I said, it's no big deal.
Nobody cares.
But this Thursday, while the Observer comes out, and there Reverend Stang is on the front page, as if I was as important as Bob Dobbs, wearing a Puzzling Evidence t-shirt.
And the story basically says that, oh, all the subgeniuses are up in arms about David Byrne's evil ripoff.
And we're threatening lawsuits, and this, and that.
And further down in there, it says,
Byrne is genuinely surprised by these allegations.
And frankly friends, so was I, since we never really quite made those allegations to begin with.
I don't know.
I feel exploited, friends.
But not by David Byrne.
I mean, they didn't say anything about the hour slacking or anything local.
These newspapers say.
talk about how silly we are to talk about the conspiracy, but in so doing, in so doing,
they prove the existence of the conspiracy. And what we mean, friends, by the conspiracy
is much worse than what they think we mean with their blinkered viewpoint. We're talking about
the unconscious conspiracy, friends, the conspiracy that doesn't know it's a conspiracy,
the conspiracy that just merely is sort of an attitude of distrust, of strangeness.
And the truth is, we, I mean, this is all a bunch of tabloid pablum, friends. The truth is,
we did rip David Byrne off. He made the film first, then Bob saw it, then Bob went back in
time and invented the Church of the Subgenius in 1953 and set up the multimedia de-Bible style.
So if you're a fan of the Church of the Subgenius, you know what I mean.

If you want to see evidence that we stole David Byrne's ideas in 1986 and then produced copies of them
three years earlier in 1983, hence proving the power of Bob, then go see the Subgenius video show
at Mistral this Thursday night. This Thursday night, Subgenius de-Bible and video show.
And one other thing about this Observer thing, I'm poking through, that's a good magazine,
you know.
Normally, but what got to me, it says here, Dobbs himself is as mythical as Virgil, Texas.
Because, friends, they can't believe in Bob. They can't let themselves believe in Bob.
They can't think, Bob's too good to be true, they think. You know, it's got to be a joke.
It's got to be a joke. There could not be a man as great as J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Further on down here, it says other wild, talking about our shows, other wild stage acts include
a group of Arkansas cowboys, they mean doctors, doctors for Bob, who worship a, quote, fake,
unquote, bleeding head of golf star Arnold Palmer before giving it the nine iron treatment,
thus appeasing the audience's cries of launch it, launch it.
Fake.
Fake bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, folks.
You know, if that head is fake, then I'd like to know how that old woman was able to
get up out of that heel chair, even if she didn't have any legs.
Makes me want to turn to Bob, friends.
Glass Madness will tell you about Bob.
I've been helpless so long, my eyes are confused.
My brain all full of junk.
I don't know what I should do.
Maybe go up on a mountain and become a monk.
I'm screaming, Bob Dobbs, won't you help me?
Bob Dobbs, see me through.
Bob Dobbs, can't you see my problems?
Bob Dobbs, what am I going to do?
Hard to say, Bob Dobbs, hard to forget, I'm treating myself, I'm the only one on the
mountain.
But I'm afraid I'm formula.

I'm sorry, Bob, I'm just so sorry anytime that you have to have a hangover.




I get this all a-roaming all around me all day long.
Are you OK?
しゃ m'осто it shape that Rushs on?
But did you know this cub cyber conflict led to my death?

Huh, huh?
Hoping that I could find Bob Dobbs.
Don't you help me, Bob Dobbs.
Send me through, Bob Dobbs.
Can't make it, Bob Dobbs, without help from you.
I need help, Bob Dobbs.
I need help.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Hey, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Ally,ители, are you all right?
Hey, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
You can't wet water.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from JR Bob Dobbs cause he's stupid.
You can't hide from Guy cause he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.

Help me somebody.
Pull the lever down to go.
My legs are on fire.
Need some help, need some help.
Great job.
Pull the lever down to go.
You can see it's still in the container there.
Pull the lever down to go.
The guitar is still on fire.
And the famous Lame code is still intact.
Pull the lever down to go.
I think that was the rest of it.
We were finding money at the files.
Money was going in there.
Which was an exciting sight.
All the video tapes we got here at the station.
And you know, it's only Instagram that's burned up too.
All of the music that we were playing has disappeared.
We're going to go get some money.

Not my guitar pin.
My special Bob shirt.
My Bob hat is burning.
My Bob t-shirt is burning.
I'm deceased.
I'm totally deceased.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
That was a beautiful little death scene
from Puzzling Evidence and Glass Madness.
This is Doctors for Bob.
Subgenius Beach Party
with the great Snavy
and the lovely Eklund
on sacks in the back.
But let's leave things
of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack
from the church of the subgenius.
Oh yes, praise Bob, friend.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Come on in.
I've come to tell you the truth.
The truth about the path to slack
through hyperventilation.
Yes, my friend.
You can get high from hyperventilation.
And it's legal.
And it's an exercise we're preaching.
And if you can learn to talk like me
and talk this way
all the time, then everybody you meet
will be your friend.
And you will get so high,
you will get so high, you will meet Bob.
You will not be able to stop seeing Bob
because you will have so much slack
in your brain.
There won't be any more room for thought.
And when your mind is free,
free of thought,
then you will have the slack,
the slack you need in your life.
Praise Bob.
Help me somebody.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Let there be slack.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party Eeeee Mar Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
Subgenius speech party.
I've got the suntan lotion.
Did you bring the neutron howitzers?
TAP, tap, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP, TAP.
Nothing is real
I can't help it
Nothing is real
I can't help it
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
People are strange
Ones in contact
Ones in contact
Ones in contact
I can't help it
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
When you're strange
When you're strange
All you need is love
When you're strange
All you need is love
When you're strange
All you need is love
Ones in contact
Ones in contact
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
Nothing is real, dear friends,
at least in the minds of Reverend Huey
and the other people who do these hideous collages.
and the other people who do these hideous collages.
But all I have to do is touch this button
and save you from that...
Nothing is real
God, that really does just keep going, doesn't it?
Nothing is real
Nothing is real
Nothing is real

Nothing is real
There's a good Bob
There's a bad Bob
People that followed the wrong one
and got no job
People that followed the wrong one and got no job
People that followed the right one's happy
People that followed the right one's happy

People Bob
People Bob
People Bob
People Bob
People Bob
No atom of mere matter divides itself into alternate cells almost constantly,
but our universe does.
But our universe does.
All the time,
the universe splits in order to express every alternative open to any phenomenon transpiring within,
no matter how small or seemingly insignificant.
This is the only way our minds can express the perception of the fifth dimension,
or more properly, the second dimension of time.
So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane rather than a line.
But there's another dimension of space,
so is the case with time, there is also a corresponding up-down time.
So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane rather than a line. But there's another dimension of space, so is the case with time, there is also a corresponding up-down time.
This is the direction in which our mental eyes exist.
In this direction we find alternate time tracks similar to the sidewise ones,
with the difference being that theirs is oriented in the direction opposed to temporal gravity,
so that elements of those other selves are constantly falling into our awareness from above.
The neutron passes through all these spaces with equal ease and is modulated by them,
much like the photon is modulated by the neutron.


The neutron uses life form to inhabit the space belt as for some dell soldiers.
But the particle is gespannt and portal to the pretty in death instincts and talks through their возможно
futility such as emails dropzilla
it's a combined universal process
and evolution of transcendental computers
the first known it feels it has ever removed
all of its coordinating phenift cualities
during certain motion
for any run of the earth's cache over any given time.
But this information and its software files affect Malachy nervous system,
The primordial sea teemed with the most primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple molecule shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The neutron passed through Earth and spewed out a wake
that left each and every molecule of DNA twisted beyond recognition.
In this state, its stability was ruined,
and any force or random glitch that Mother Nature had to offer changed it somehow.
Thus, evolution had begun.
You can't wash soap.
How you gonna wash soap?
You gonna try to cut it in half and rub the two ends together?
You can't wash soap.
You gonna try to throw it in a washing machine?
You gonna try to slide it through a car wash?
You can't wash soap.
You can't wet water.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own food.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs, cause he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God, cause he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody!
One take rhythm killers versus doctors for Odin.
Take 43.
And friends, that was, uh, what we just heard there was a little bit of the continuation of the
the Mr. Science lecture series about the Mutron.
Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger, your host on that one.
There's other Mr. Science tapes available.
Uh, Buck Naked, uh, did one about the Before Life.
We'll be playing that.
Uh, and, uh, I did one about the squirting universe, which I can't play.
Cause I can't tell the full squirting gospel truth over the airwaves.
It's against the law.
After that, there was a little bit of, uh, more continuation.
Of the continuation of Can't Hide From God rant from Doctors for Bob, J.R. Hyperkleets,
and who knows what this is.
But listen in headphones.
Grrrr.
Grrrrrrr.
Grrrrr.
Grrrrr.

Grrrrrrr.
Grrrrrrrrrrr.
Grrrrrrrrr.
Grrrrrrrrr.
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh

Hey, you know, friends, that's particularly true since George DeMarc was let go by KZEW.
Horrible thought.
I mean, now that they won't, I mean, his show was too weird for KZEW.
You know, what kind of alternatives are there at this point, friends?
Sickening.
All there is left is Doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob!
Doctors for Bob!
Doctors for Bob!
I'll go down.
Rotate to full.
360 degrees.
Now do.
DeMarc and woman!
Bob goes down!
Bob!
Lord, lead us in a closing prayer.
Whether you're going to do it or not, it's missed.
The fame of the Bob soon spread beyond the circle of his small disciples following the first revelation to Mullah Hussein.
And it reached the authorities of both the church and the state.
And they were alarmed by the enthusiasm with which the people accepted the Bob's message.
The same wave of opposition and hatred that had surrounded Jesus began to engulf the Bob.
There are some people who have brought her.
Some reason or another don't get into our acts.
So-called acts.
I remember a policeman came up to me.
There was some type of incident.
Something about a woman.
I don't know.
Losing her legs or something.
He said,
Boy, what the hell do you think you're doing?
I said,
Well, we're both surrealists, sir.
Bold surrealists.
Bold surrealists.
Son, do you know how many men we got out of the states and the district who just love to claim they're nothing but bold surrealists?
Help me, somebody.
Now, this might not have much to do with it.
And you can tell.
I'm not going to deal with the Dobbs doctor.
But I was wondering how many people in here know how to make a grandma face sandwich.
Well, you take in, say, two pieces of rye bread,
spreads some mustard on it, some lettuce, tomatoes.
You might want to put some sprouts if you're one of these healthy people.
In your grandma's face!
I am a jerk.
I get naked.
I will rot.
This is comparing.
I am an activist.
I am a
I did this act, the grandma face sandwich in San Francisco.
And a woman told me that it made her sick.
I said, well, yeah, I know what you mean.
I forgot to toast the bread.

Nobody goes to Earth.
Nobody goes to Earth anymore.
It's a burned out cinder since the third nuclear holocaust.
Now, existence isn't all it's cracked up to be.
And there's another caller existing on the planet.
You are the last caller from the planet.
The planet is about to be exploded.
Do you have anything you wish to say?
I think he died already.
No, no, no.
I'm not.

















Lرجomre took that person and the girl.
I think she had a bad memory.

There's a little bit of idea about days indispensability of thisladdy.


tri 밥
ばや
duy




And there they were.
Hello?
kids into the bedroom and turn down the speaker.
As to which should be frightened of whom.
Well, let me tell you something.
The conspiracy got to it.
Plain and simple.
Somehow they found out that I was going to feature the sex, sickness, and slack tape.
And they rigged the tape deck so that it implanted obnoxious noises.
Squeak!
All throughout the tape.
Oh sure, there were sections that didn't have that squeak noise.
But I didn't have the heart and the mind to subject you to the rest of that squeak noise.
Touchy subject, sex, ain't it?
That's because the conspiracy forces you to be.
Embarrassed about sex.
A natural, healthy function.
The sickness enters the picture when guilt prevents you from experiencing the ecstatic glee of sex in any form or permutation.
Accent on the mutation.
Except, of course, pedophilia.
Child sex is the type of perversion that the conspiracy subliminally supports in its advertising.
And by its general repression of slack-filled sex.
The beginning of sexual repression is...
...derminated in the minds of parents who believe that masturbation in infants and children...
...is a naughty no-no.
You may think that the situation has relaxed.
At least they don't send the kids to institutions where they bind them so they can't move.
Don't be deceived.
Victorian principles have permeated the collective unconscious of humanity.
And we've only begun the fight against the control by the real sexual deviants.
The repressed ninnies with insane super-egos.
They run around denying the existence of sex.
They're lying that it's a squirting oozing universe.
And they think they're working for God.
But hell, sex is a religious sacrament.
If they can't take a joke...
...but don't take that literally now.
Sister Chris here.
It's 12.35. Time check.
Sister Chris's version of time check.
3 complete minutes for material analysis.



Oh yes dear friends, you are going to make it to that video show at ekstræl.
Oh importantly, my Nor Eight Friends
you're going to race against time to get there by somewhere around 9 o'clock
Support Una Zoan
because you're going to know if you aren't there...
You may never get a chance to see the subgenius videos in their prefinished form.
kn숙
That's right. This is some of the most amazing material you've ever seen.
的
ever seen. Some of it about the church, some of it live. Well, let's just read from the
Dallas Observer a fake description. For instance, the true stories features a look at one fundamentalist
church meeting complete with wild conspiracy theories, a gospel chorus, and a backing video
screen full of strange corporate image montages. All elements found in the Church of the Subgenius'
annual revival shows, Stang contends. The multimedia flavor of the segment is also
subgenius in nature. Byrne didn't do it as well as we have, says Stang, but he sure tried to.
You know, I don't know how they got that quote out of my mouth, because I've never even seen
true stories. So how could I say that they did it better? I'm afraid I didn't. Although I'm sure
that, I'm sure, I'm sure that we did. Or something like that.
At any rate, it's Mistral this Thursday night around 9 o'clock. Mistral, Subgenius,
Devival Video.
There was that great night out. The
act transferes to I think the part where voices
I hate him!
This is Doctors Floating.
It is Doctors Floating.
This is Doctors Floating.
This is Doctors Floating.
This is Doctors Floating.
Ah, so much for that script.
Who needs these scripts anyway?
Who needs these scripts anyway?
Dear friends,
I feel sorry for anybody who doesn't listen in headphones.

Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!

Let's go!
Ah!
Let's go!
They sent me the tapes
They sent me the tapes
I heard
from subgenius.
Ah, well.
I heard and
I am very very happy.
I take the
My family and my mother, father and brother, they heard, very, very interesting.
Oh, why? What? What did they say?
I said, it's my friends. My friends in subgenius is Bob.
So I am Bob in China.
So you can give me hello to subgenius friends.
I thank you. He helped me and give my sound in the tape and in the radio.
I think American people heard it.

My son is very, very interesting.
So I am talking about Chinese funny story.
I wrote that article for you.
Is it an excellent award?
It's an excellent award.
Xiao Guang said, no, the teacher said it was too abstract.
No way.
The topic is not to write that.
You mean my father?
Yes.
Xiao Guang said, but you wrote my grandfather.
I can't hear a word you say.
What's happening?
What's the matter?
I would, you know, I have a tendency to say, now, wait a minute.
This is not going to destroy somebody's life.
I firmly believe, I don't really believe there's any great big conspiracy either.
Why do you suppose this piece looks so much older than the rest of the cross?
Let's move on to this line.
Is this Shirley from Cranford?
Here, here's $50.
And he gives me $50.
And then I go and pay my bill.
And he gives me credit for it.
You see, he gives me credit for it.
And this writing also occurred from the foundation of the world.
Because in Revelation 17, verse 8,
Revelation 17, verse 8,
it talks about those whose names were not written in the book of life
from the foundation of the world.
If you go to a grave where there's a dead person in it,
and you call out to that dead person,
or you beat on that casket,
is that dead person going to hear you?
And these contactees also,
are plunged into a kind of nightmare,
which includes everything.
Black Cadillacs, hypnosis, truth dress, the whole business.
Look, man, whatever you're doing, you work as hard as you can at that.
You do the best job you can,
and whatever happens, happens.
Five seconds.
Five seconds, friends.
I think you should all be aware that this is not a tape.
What you are watching is happening now.
That's enough. I'm going to talk now.
They had me, you know, committed seven years.
Seven years. Chris Gross did it.
Seven years.
Here, Dr. Chris Gross did that.
When we deal with the rights of those who are somehow strangers out there,
we also are dealing away our own rights and the rights of our loved ones.
But, if you want that degree, find out about these schools,
and there are many, many of them,
and you might not have to spend three years.
Well, now my effort to construct my own private religion
was in more trouble than ever.
The combination of my early training,
and then seeing a friend become a believer in Christ,
gave me the feeling that I should include him in my religion.
My wife, Rosalie,
The fight in Jesus, that's it?
had probably decided before this that I, with my UFOs and my hypnotism,
my fascination for things supernatural,
that I was a little kooky.
And now I added a new element,
and it surprised my wife.
Are you telling me you've added Jesus to all the rest of this gospel,
according to St. Jonathan?
Asked Connie.
The telegram keeps telling us to make a decision for Christ, doesn't he?
And I think that's what I need.
Bob replied.
Well, I've reached a decision too, honey,
and if you're deciding for Christ, so am I.
That I'm continually surprised at how outrageous,
or it seems to me lately,
many of the groups see how outrageous they can be with somebody else.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I agree with you totally.
I mean, it's an effort to see who can outdo the other
in terms of destroying things on stage.
And what kind of message is that giving to young people in the audience,
those who are 12 and 13 years old?
You can find out at the Subgenius Video Show.
Come to the Subgenius Video Show at Mistral this Thursday night.
I'm giving all my money to KNON.
How about that?
That's why I can talk about it.
Is that the message that we really want to give to young people?
It is.
Drink a little beer and drink a little scotch.
Turn around and kick your neighbor in the crotch.
It's no fun if you just stand and watch.
Do the punk hookah.
That's Barry Coma's Funk Pizza Pavilion
on the corner of Grunt and Screech,
next door to the Strap and Shiv Bondo Hut.
You'll hate it.
And that's what it's all about.
Harry's at Shreds.
Never his mind on where he was.
Hm?
What he was doing.
Hm.
You are reckless.
Won't you please tell the man
I didn't kill anyone
No, I'm just trying to have me some fun
Welcome to Babylon, children.
It's great to be here in the belly of the beast tonight
before we get started with our second L.A. Devival.
If we could all please bow our heads
and have a moment of sacred, traditional
NOISE!
Doesn't that sound like fun, folks?
Well, if you go to Mistral this Thursday night,
you're in for a subgenius video devival,
just like what you're hearing here.
All of you, we're here to do three things tonight.
That's praying to the boss,
help us get rid of the evil,
and protect the Sons of Satan.
And the last thing you'll do,
is just to have your asses kicked in the back.
See you this evening.
No!
No, no, no!

No, no, no, no!

No, no, no, no!


No!
No!


No!





Ladies and gentlemen, seeing is believing.
And we, my co-religionists and I, have brought back living proof of our expedition,
in which 12 of our party met horrible death.
But before I say anything more, I'm going to show you the greatest thing your eyes have ever beheld.
He was a king and a god in the world he knew.
But now he comes to civilization, a mere show to gratify your curiosity.
Ladies and gentlemen, look upon Pope Sterno Kekover, the eighth wonder of the world!
The glory go on to our name.
Quote, version, unquote.
So, I'd just like to take this opportunity to state briefly and for the record,
that my fellow doctors for Bob and myself are members in good standing of a church.
But not just any church, for the church to which we belong just happens to be,
beyond a shadow of a doubt, the world's only bogus true religion.
Of course, I am referring to.
The Church of the Subgenius!
Now the Church of the Subgenius, as founded by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
Saint of Sales, Master of Slack in 1953, is the pan-religion of the future.
Uniting superior mutants, social renegades, twisted geniuses, and sci-fi sinners
in a worldwide ramble!
The world is in the midst of a great pain of immorals, and prophetic yucks, and grins,
yucks and grins which will hopefully, inevitably, lead us directly to a commodity all too lacking,
in today's modern, dead, age-ago, society.
And that commodity, friends, is slack!
Now slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive us of.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the laparotomy.
And by the laparotomy, we can't just turn our heads around and scream at it!
Now back in the 50's, Bob himself noticed a decided lack of slack in our culture.
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy!
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy against the difference,
an insidious conspiracy dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts.
Dedicated to wiping out our conscience!

fun fact dedicated in short to the total and utter eradication of the original slack with
which we were all born.
So Bob wanted to fight this conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen, and what better way I'd ask
ye than by the foundation of a major new world religion.
It's the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Woo!
Help me somebody.
And it's going to be very difficult.
This is officially an atomic seance.
We will need to build up critical mass.
Thank you, children.
Thank you, children.
Thank you, children.
I'm here tonight to preach to you about the one and only church, the one true church,
the church of love and money, the world's first industrial church, the church of the
subgenius.
Now, children, children, the pope of all New York is not a hard man.
He's not a bad man.
He's a man of Bob.
And he knows you've been here a long time.
He knows you want that slack, that slack that sets you free, that slack that makes you see,
the slack that puts a cloud in your stride.
I'm not going to take a lot of your time.
I'm not going to take a lot of your time tonight.
I got a short message, an important message, but it won't work without you.
What?
What strange land is this?
What am I doing here?
How did this happen?
Why am I asking you?
I'm beginning to suspect thou playing late at night.
But I am sleeping.
You slimy mobos come out dreaming, sucking me into your world of horror.
Can this be the world?
The world of tomorrow?
Wait a minute, just a second.
I know who you are.
Yes, it's true.
You're the citizens of the neighborhood.
What the hell is it that you're trying to do to me?
Help me, help me.
I gotta get out of here.
You're making me brain damaged.
All these people hanging around my head.
It's the eye of the living.
It's the eye of the living.
Brass, I just need a slight cranial adjustment.
Let the dead man sleep.



I'm dead as pulling my guns inside out.
And pulling my brain out through my gum cavity.
As my head implodes and is yanked out by some damn Yankee Garber.
Perhaps I'm a beauty queen.
The target of a thousand flying jackasses.
Preying and mocking defiance of their stultified, stupefied deposition on my new TV.
Perhaps I've already won ten million dollars.
With the mofo geeks chasing me through the woods trying to rip off my britches.
And use me for a human weenie roast in front of the campfire bells.
Oh yes dear friends, that was Zug's Rift with his beautiful new album.
And here we have, somewhere in here I believe, Doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob, live at the Twilight Room doing, since we're on Elvis Presley, their version of Heartbreak Hotel.
Now friends remember, you can come to a subgenius devival and big screen video show at Mistral this Thursday night around 9 o'clock.
This is gonna be the weirdest material you've ever seen projected on a video screen.
And a live devival. We'll be preaching and slinging tapes at the same time.
And friends, if you want to know more about the Church of the Subgenius, you just write to Bob at P.O. Box 118.

That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm David Levine.
I found a new place to dwell.
It's out on the edge of a lonely street.
It's called the Heartbreak Hotel.
Feeling so lonely baby.
Feeling so lonely baby.
I've been feeling so lonely.
I could die.
Very lunchy cause I am b просpie
Friends, there's one coming up.
Last thing.
Once again Rev. Cleve Slack Master Cleve in the spurious jebel.
Now friends, I want you young ladies out there can win a date with Rev. Cleve Duncan.
Brother Cleve is gonna be coming.
He's also is the organ player for the del Flago.
goes the next time he's in town subgenius yeti women can earn a can win a date with cleve if you
send your description your essay on why i want a date with cleve and what i'm going to do with him
once i get him uh send that essay to p.o box 140306 dallas texas 75214 and win a date with
cleve duncan at whatever future date that they finally make it and here he is
welcome to the end times boys and girls we're gonna shock shock the house with your friend in
the world mama's getting down with you here tonight mama's getting down to help your plight
mama's coming here to ease your
