member member member member member member member member member member
We're sitting together listening to this
And this is crazy
member member member member member member member member member member member
remember
You need me and I have come
Hi Bob
Yeah
Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob
Never changing
Yes sir, I like subgenius
No sir, I don't like pink boys
yes sir I love Bob no sir no sir I do not want to stop Bob I want Bob I just
want to give my feet to the thousands in every beat in every leaf in every twig
yes I want to see him everybody saw and everybody a and it was kind of nice for
all your Bob who floats above the ground I long to hear the mournful sound that's
made when you emerge from space and come to this my dwelling place dear Bob each
night while I'm asleep I hope to my house you will creep and poke your pipe
in through the wall so I'll be burned remembering all dear Bob it's time to
close my eyes remember now it's no surprise if I should be found dead
someday I'll think that you were in the way
you
Oh gimme Bob confusing that face with my own can't remember my place
you are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner
mind to the subgenius
Bob's role on a profit little return is to see that the earth is not sold on that
that glorious or terrible day we call x-day in 1998 when the men from Planet
X arrived yeah now it may sound ludicrous it may sound ridiculous to
many neighbors out there are you saying that all nuts all those people maybe yeah
maybe
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbant.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evils, toxin.
Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
Do they come down in flying saucers?
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
This is the Man in Black, here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
For centuries we have been circling your Earth, waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere.
I am the first to come to you.
With death and destruction, go ahead and kill me.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created,
this society of air conditioners,
of station wagons with wooden sides,
of horses, indeed,
of retired actors,
of orange hail,
of politicians,
what happens when that collapses?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
That's when the man from Planet X-9
will come down and save the members of the subgenius jerk.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob,
can help us break their mind control,
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
You don't like your life?
Straighten it out in a big hurry!
Give your money to the church, not the state!
The church!
Yes!
Give us your children!
Give us your children!
Let us raise them!
You'll have weirder kids than me!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
That's odd. Very odd.
Meltdown.
And this can happen to you!
This can be yours!
Uh, yes dear friends,
it can happen to you,
it can be yours,
and it will be yours on X-Day 1998,
only two years from now,
and of course, dear friends,
this is our, uh, X-Day show,
it's, uh, July,
by the time you hear this tape,
I will probably be at the X-Day drill,
and, and drilling my way
deep into my own brain,
in preparation for the arrival of those,
uh, gods and goddesses from outer space,
who will come, uh, in 1998,
July 5th, 1998,
you know the story, friends,
and if you don't, well, just keep listening,
because we're gonna have every,
every tiny media barrage clip
that ever had anything to do with X-Day
for this show and the next one,
I apologize for the last show,
uh, but, uh, and, um,
but you know, as Dr. Legume pointed out
in the first edition of the Book of the Subgenius,
the McGraw-Hill Orange cover edition,
it, uh, there was a, a misprint,
uh, that seemed, uh, obviously a mistake,
that at one point made it look like X-Day
would happen in 1996,
well, what if that wasn't a, a misprint,
what if you're not ready, friend,
what if you're still putting off
that mighty moment when you write that mighty check,
what if, these are all important what-ifs, friends,
and, you know, that movie is coming out,
Independence Day,
god, their ploys are so obvious,
so filthy and so obvious,
that, uh, you know, the pieces are all coming together
for the one world government,
we, we, we can tell,
you can see the story behind the rise of Bill,
uh, Clinton, Bill Soft-On-Kitty Porn Clinton,
I should call him,
and his little clique rising to the American throne,
yes, it was through the diabolical backroom machinations
of Dobbs that all of these things have come about,
well, thou art but an insignificant insect,
and you'd better speak to the manager,
boy, cause that day is coming,
that day is coming up,
and, well, I'm gonna,
I ain't, I ain't,
I'm just gonna let these tapes carry you on through, friend,
cause it's a cele-
this is the biggest celebration of the subgenius year,
and, uh, I hope that,
I hope that you're readying yourself just as we are,
I, I'm sorry if you can't make it to the X Day Drill in Sherman, New York,
uh, while you're hearing this show,
I really am,
um, but,
in the meantime,
you may commune,
yes,
you may commune now with the spirit of Dobbs,
and the promise of X Day,
ah, yes.
Angel splash through the heavenlies!
You know, Ezekiel,
saw a wheel,
but what a lot of us do not realize is,
that in chapter one of your book,
Ezekiel, verse four,
the angels traveled in whirlwind fashion,
not like our jets straight ahead,
whirlwind!
They moved from one end of heaven to the other
like a flash of lightning,
verse fourteen,
and verse fifteen says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into spaceships now
that are heaved out there?
The only thing that can withstand the heat,
other things that disintegrate,
burl-illium.
It's like some kind of,
some kind of vision,
like I've never seen before.
It was like a wagon wheel coming out of the sky,
and I was sitting on the porch with Aunt May,
and she said,
what is it, boy,
what is it?
And I said,
I don't know, ma'am,
I swear to God,
I don't know,
but I just said,
praise Bob,
and,
you know,
when,
if Bob,
if Bob says something,
that,
wall climbing,
wall climbing,


was it,
wall climbing,
is it,
wall climbing,
well,
I was wall climbing,
I was wall climbing,
and that's what Bob said to do,
that's what Bob told me to,
I was wall climbing,
yeah,
I,
I get,
I get,
real scared,
Bob,
because,
I,
I,
I've seen them,
I've seen them before,
but there's more,
more of them now,
and,
because there's lots more,
they're,
they're floating,
in the,
in the air,
and they,
they're living in the wood,
and the rocks,
and everything,
and they're,
they're always,
kind of,
laughing,
and,
feeling and laughing,
and,
all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society has interpreted the signals as a message from a space probe,
and,







a message from a dying planet in,
where the little green men's way was real head caps,
rocking and a rolling to the crazy flats,
brought out the sax and they started to flow,
brought out the drums and they started to roll,
blind saucer rock and roll,
blind saucer rock and roll,
I couldn't understand it,
a thing they said it was a crazy beat it just stopped me dead,
Joe,
along with Bob,
the pursuit of slack,
and a conspiracy of pigs,
the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse,
according to church doctrine,
on July 5th,
1998,
when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the earth,
and the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over earth,
they're going to,
they will put us,
they will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand,
that there is something wrong,
there is something on earth worth saving,
and only the subgenii,
the dues paying,
book buying,
receipt in the pocket,
paid in full to the church subgenii,
have the tiniest prayer of survival,
the rest of them,
it's a tough world Jack,
the fighting Jesus looked out over the bridge of the excess battle saucer,
blood of Christ,
he looked and laughed,
he laughed and looked,
he looked and looked,
he laughed and laughed,
he was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dustmote 89 AB,
aboard Jesus's flagship,
dozens of killer theologians,
the shock priests,
were busy at their weapons terminals,
on the power decks,
the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications between the ritual crew,
and the cancer beings from Theta Z,
an invasion ready state existed in the ship,
and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet earth,
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state,
his face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dustmote painted of him,
they prayed to these for the salvation of their souls,
as if they had any souls to save,
as if anyone would want to save them,
which they didn't,
a whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder,
they had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal,
and then paint pictures of him enjoying it,
and they thought he loved them so,
that he was forgiving,
oh the anticipation,
he was sick to his stomach with glee,
he would show them the true face of pain and sin,
it had taken him 2000 long years to return here,
and now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands,
sweet stigmata,
even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fists,
through the boxing gloves,
he would show them the true face of pain and sin,


the hold of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light,
personally lent by Jehovah One,
they supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction spectrums,
all in attack mode,
Nagas,
Orzuma,
Shiva,
Horus,
Aeons,
the dark bodies,
and at,
at time and a half too,
it was expensive to ravage a planet,
no matter,
that which comes had finally arrived,
and on Jesus's birthday,
what do you think dad?
his second in command,
Jim Jones,
stood by with the final attack coordinate codices,
a whole graphic map of earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair,
on its surface,
grids of the natives planetary defenses,
were lit up in green,
ones,
some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet,
all in scale,
quite pretty actually,
a colorful net,
surrounded the sphere,
it would soon enough be dark,
these children wait for us below Jesus,
we will walk among them and we will smile,
at your moment of choice of course,
Jesus studied Jones puffy tired face,
in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls,
of the mighty dreadnought and shuttered,
he was no stranger to resurrection of the undead,
but whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up,
something was missing,
something else was added,
something,
Jones had been forced on him by the gin bankers,
who had financed this angelic war fleet,
damn them,
he never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet,
Jones constant reminders of their influence and expectations,
irritated Jesus no end,
not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs,
the twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe,
even here near the sensitive nerve relays,
Jones might have been left dead a little too long,
he moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat,
he never removed his sunglasses,
and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines,
even though they no longer had any effect,
on his regenerated shell,
you know Jimbo,
said Jesus,
the best part is that they think there's an afterlife,
that's why they strung me up the first time,
they think like bugs down there,
I'm well aware of that commander,
it bothered Jones to be back on earth so soon,
after his failure with the social programming research post,
he had been running there,
it wasn't really his fault,
the administration change at central,
merely,
cut off the funding for it,
he was forced to abort the experiment,
then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about,
not entirely,
the papers we found in Harding's laboratory,
explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb,
its explosion was intended to deflect the rotation of the earth enough,
to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space,
those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked,
it may sound ridiculous,
but it's theoretically possible,
yeah we're safe now,
for the time being,
but there are undoubtedly more of those power mad creatures loose on other planets,
so it'll take constant vigilance on our part,
to ensure the safety of this world,
hello,
I'm a martian,
I hope I speak your language,
this is a recording,
what?
take me to your leader,
take me to your leader,
if this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft,
with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them,
to cross millions of miles of space,
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges,
the dramatic advent of such fascinating objects,
as those which were first called flying saucers,
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals,
who let their imaginations run away with their veracity,
by 1950 some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories,
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people,
some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs,
suddenly everything went black,
and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room,
where nobody was listening to me,
and I was talking to this hot little plush felt,
red rubber tip microphone,
not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights,
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair,
and put into the studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly,
with lights flashing off rhythmically,
and it was a small man with a swollen head,
and hideously deformed eyes,
sitting behind the console pushing the buttons,
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body,
and I wondered why I was there,
and what did they want of me,
and I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there,
and they didn't say anything,
they just kept flashing those lights at me,
and pumping those strange chemicals into me,
and the man with the funny head,
the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe,
well, I just want to know,
do you want to be in the church,
or out of the church,
and where's your wallet?
The DC9 pushed the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up,
but it wasn't really a dream,
until I saw these sacred nasal tubes,
and these little positions,
and suddenly it all came back to me,
and I realized that they'd stolen
four and a half hours out of my life,
when they put me in that tiny room,
and plugged all those wires into me,
and made me talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk,
and talk.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears,
tensions,
and frustrations are no longer ours.
I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your objective?
You are not ready,
but we will still save you.
In your quest for self-destruction,
you will send up more satellites,
and we will be there,
waiting to come again.
I'll be right here.
And we'll be sending that little almond-eyed gray humanoid
around to your door to collect those organs, so...
Snappy.
He'll be in a cute little uniform,
so don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear
in the dead of night as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper.
They're your friends.
They want to teach you.
They want to teach humanity
and lead us into a new age of enlightenment
under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper.
Now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison
with little aliens standing around outside the vat
wrapping, tying napkins around their necks,
sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad, because you've just fell into the hands of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa!
Oh, they're not like the Thing.
That was a cuddly little Benji of an alien compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves among monsters
compared to what we're talking about.
That descends a box.
What we're talking about is more like
what's growing in your refrigerator right now.
That's what it looks more like.
That's what this is.
And the effect is it turns you into the alien.
But man, take my word for it, it's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool, you'll love it.
I'm just a bit crummy now.
It's for your own good.
I feel so much better.
I feel so much better.
What's the matter? Are you afraid?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man, everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien and collect the dew
that builds up on the side of its neck like appendage.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize your head.
Okay?
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener
that I'd have to explain that to, now are you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah, I think they know just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first damn good.
I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the hillside with your bat call
and blow into the bat call.
Don't try to...
It's not like a moose call or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
Yeah, but it's super...
That's a superfluous call.
I give it to you on me.
And just make sure you've got your antidote pudding ready
for when that bat lands on your face,
you're gonna have to use that pudding mighty quick.
That's not good.
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Oh, okay.
Come on, everybody's doing it.
I ain't never gonna do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible to peer group pressure?
I'm too old for it.
What are you, some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
Oh, no, no.
Good, then you'll take this little alien home and...
I am a weirdo.
Hey, stop rubbing your leg.
I can't do the game.
I don't think there's a reason for her to be confused.
There's something you find when you open the door.
You take these keys,
and one of the keys says Bob on it.
You stick it in the lock,
and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky, the green carpet rolls out.
And if you're not...
the red carpet rolls out.
He was communicating with them.
What do you think?
I think Rockefeller was crazy that night.
He got away with the money.
And the...
How can we stop them?
We can stop them by stopping the Pink Boys.
If we stop the Pink Boys,
we can stop them murdering and they're killing
and they're stealing and they're persifying us.
But it's so difficult.
Oh, Jerry, don't let the boy...
Be brave. Be brave.
Oh, always be brave.
Because the women saves us.
Greetings to you Earthlings.
I am Princess Dragomum.
I have taken over this planet.
Now I own the Earth,
and you'll be my slaves for all eternity.
The disasters you experienced are just
small examples of our great power.
Either surrender to me or I'll destroy all humans.
I've spoken.
It's early warning you're going to get from me.
You'll be destroyed.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotion.
Another and worse war will break out.
When you see a night with a strange light in the sky,
you will know it is a sign that the world
is about to be punished for its crime.
By 1998, every normal man,
mediocrity, pink boy, admin,
Trekkie and hippie is going to be trying to get on board
with the good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else
when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
Or is it just another of those prognostications
which have haunted mankind?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom
could generally be dismissed out of hand.
But for the fact that many of Nostradamus's other prophecies
have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs
and explosions and fallout.
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m.,
when we all had the courage to go to the moon,
we had hangovers.
Wu-Tang's judgment will take place in the form of
what the pre-scriptures call the advent of the angelic host.
Happy, happy Independence Day.
Happy real Independence Day, my friends.
Because here in Dallas, Texas,
which is in its own time zone, you know,
all the cities that get the hour of slack
are in different time continuums.
And in Dallas, yesterday was July 4th,
the day before real Independence Day.
You see, for subgeniuses,
July 4th is like the day of disappointment
and shattered dreams.
It's a day of lies and rushes to judgment
of drunken pinks and car crashes
and depressing desert storm parades.
And we mope around and think about things
like Wounded Knee and JFK and assassination
and the Spanish-American War and Vietnam
and Iran-Contras and Watergate and so on.
But, dear friends...
Dear friends, July 5th...
July 5th, that is a day of hope and promise
for the subgeniuses.
Yes, friends, the day when the true America,
the Bob's America,
the America of our Masonic subgenius
Patriot forefathers and foremoms and foreslaves.
Today, July 5th, in Dallas, anyway,
is the first day of the end of the world.
The end of their world, dear friends,
because it's the first day before the beginning
of our world.
Our subgenius planet.
Uh, yes, yes, yes.
It makes me feel so good, so good
to have a subgenius holiday.
We need more subgenius holidays.
Of course, every day is Bob's birthday,
but, you know, that gets unrealistic after a while.
And so we call, well, July 4th,
what the pinks call their Independence Day,
we call July 4th X Day Eve.
And, uh, uh, X Day Night, of course,
we call X Day Eve, sort of like Halloween.
But X Day is our Independence Day.
Not July 4th, not Juneteenth, but X-est-mas.
X-est-mas, dear friends.
And, you know, the night before X-est-mas,
the whole family, the subgenius fully extended nuclear family,
goes out and watches fireworks
or else illegally sets them off
in their backyard.
And then everyone, the kids and everyone,
go in and watch Freddy Krueger's
Nightmare on Elm Street videos around the fireplace.
And, uh, the kids are tucked in, of course,
about 1 o'clock in the morning.
And the grown-ups stay up all night
frobbing and frobbing and dooning
and gleaning
and, uh, doing X Day chants
about how the time is nigh for their arisal.
And, uh, songs, you know,
X Day holiday songs like
Take Me Off to Space, which we'll be playing soon.
And, uh, on X Day morning, of course,
well, the grown-ups have been up all night,
but the kids get up real early
because on X Day,
the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
And, uh, just before 7 o'clock,
all the grown-ups and everybody sit outdoors
on their easy chairs like I did this morning
with beers or whatever in their hands.
And, uh, and they do a countdown up till 7 a.m.
And then since it's not really X Day yet,
they meditate, friends, on what it's gonna be like
when those men from Planet X come down
and destroy the normal people on this planet
and take the weird abnormals and eccentrics
and those of us who have to live in disguise as a human
and lift us up, up and away
into the escaped vessels of the sex goddesses.
I mean, that's what our religion is all about.
But, you know, anyway, on X Day,
after thinking about all that,
we sing hymns more about how the humans are all gonna die.
And, uh, then there's some rock and roll
and dancing and so forth.
And then everybody goes to bed,
usually fairly early in the day,
because you have to sleep.
I've been up all night on X Day Eve.
And, uh, they need to have energy for X Dayeen.
So on our... X Dayeen, when...
the night of X-mas,
when everybody dresses up in costumes,
dress up like angels or devils or God
or Jesus or Bob or even Negi.
And, of course, you can get those Bob and Negi masks
from your favorite subgenius vendors at Frat Tin Company.
As seen in your start fist.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Shalikandala dabasoya.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh. Oh.
You have to go?
Oh, no.
Scary monsters get the shock of a lifetime
when they close and counter
the third time for the first time.
...will descend with their scientifically magic implements.
There'll be stalls of technology
that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the hangovers will disappear,
along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on
living machinery so complex that though it is peaceful,
the end result will be...
...the equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy world government,
must be there in a position of world leadership
to explain humanity's behavior to the Exus
in ways they can understand
so they don't put us out of our misery
with a snap of their cosmic finger
like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones
that the Exus make into superhuman overmen.
And even then, things will be different.
And we'll be damn tough for the rest of this period,
which is called the time and half time.
The Exus have landed
Earth's under their control
Dobbs' vision
has proven
the city's
radioactive holes
We don't know
what their game is
But their name is
unpronounceable
We don't know
what they came for
But what they aim for
Is impossible
But is there not any peace
In the second year before the millennium
On the day of God come Wednesday
As in the twinkling of an eye
They will come among the Yakutism
Which are likened to thy great white brothers
They come as men
As graven images
As the whirlwind
And as the clock
And beyond all the heavens
Where people will be
The Exus have landed
Their machines
Following our tracks
Dobbs' vision
Stands proven
A world
Without slack
And a lost dream
Sabines
are leaving the planet
yeah
You keep it in your


classroom
shock

Br��
and suns in the earth, blood-bellages from the earth,
my lights in the sky rebuke thee, the children of heaven,
and the angels from heaven are among thee,
spreading lies and deception, they turn not as they go.
But who cares, dear friends, who cares?
Because the end times are coming up.
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world.
And we've been given, Bob has given us to see signs
and portents of what will bring this end,
what will trigger the day of judgment.
And what it's gonna be, of course, we know when.
The exes will, of course, arrive July 5th, 1998
at seven o'clock in the morning all over the world.
But what triggers the end
of the world is the end times for the other alien beings.
The Yakatizma and so forth is this one moment
when the world, when America becomes so decadent
that it no longer deserves to live.
And that sign of the end times, dear friends,
is the royal jelly enema.
At a time, 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now,
may have already happened.
A time when beggars are crowding the streets
and children, poor children are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood will be indulging
in the latest hedonistic health, the crackpot health fad.
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly,
the honey fed to queen bees,
which costs $1,000 for enough royal jelly to get the average,
shaded swinger, you know, off or whatever.
And so at this time when the homeless are selling
their babies to procure used, leftover ambergris
and royal jelly enema byproducts,
when a Hollywood star, the moment when a Hollywood star
spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets
for $200 for a half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens that they
decide to trash the earth before the exes arrive.
Friends, it's gonna be a rough time,
and I'm gonna, this is gonna be an all ex day night,
a night of celebrating, yes, that time when Bob will come
and hose down the streets and clean up this crooked
and perverse nation.
So we're gonna hear from Father Joe Mama as he delves on
into this as well.
Praise Bob.
Hello friends, and welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling
pretty smug with yourselves.
After all, you're alive, you're healthy,
your life's insured, there's a little money set aside
in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds
occupied.
You know, they say that the golden age is never the present
age, they really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere, and what do we see?
Golden opportunity.
Well, friends, that's just calm before the storm,
because tonight's sermon is entitled Ex Day 1998,
Day of Reckoning.
We all know vaguely what Ex Day is.
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998,
the Exes shall land and whisk the good subgenies off
to never-ending pleasure cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the pinks that remain on earth?
What will happen to the a-holes that are left behind?
Well friends, as much as I hate to gloat over those
less fortunate, the fact is they'll get exactly
what they deserve.
Now to any real subgenie, giving a normal what he deserves
is about the cruelest fade a normal could ever receive.
After all, that's what the world is all about.
These are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of Bob.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world
and turned it into an ever-growing bureaucratic governmental monster
that feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck-passing, and fill-in-the-blank.
Then, once the creature's rot-filled gut sprues out the digested combination of all the vashes
before mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth,
what's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course!
And this pile of stinking defecation we're supposed to kneel before and worship and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule
on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays, X-Day 1998.
Dreaded by them, but not by us.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy
and see what the normals have done.
Let us see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways,
not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens,
later to be known as X's,
have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future,
the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
An X's only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us systematic-like,
keeping the best and storing us in cages and things.
They haven't begun on us yet. Not begun.
Later he goes on to say,
All those little office workers,
that used to live in these houses,
they'll be no good.
They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running,
and catching their commuter trains in the morning,
afraid that they'd get canned if they didn't.
Running back at night, afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner.
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yea, and on Sundays, worried about the heroines.
Well, the X's will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yea, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs,
they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say, finally,
That's not all.
These X's are going to make pets of some of them,
train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet born.
There's a boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yea, and some maybe, they'll train to hunt us.
Yes, they will.
There's men who will do it gladly.
Well, friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938 on CBS,
it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for a reprieve.
They repented, they begged forgiveness,
and yet, just a few days later,
after Bob,
Orson Welles,
and the War of the Worlds broadcast was described by the conspiracy
as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life
as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close to getting a second chance in mending their ways,
but they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters,
and for their loyalty,
they were geniously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet.
Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy,
and like Dr. Howe prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in the nuclear holocaust and your skin begins to melt,
don't panic.
This is perfectly normal.
Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
Did I say doomed to die?
I should have said lucky to die,
for blissed are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the dead.
The unlucky are pink survivors
who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless exes.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses for the pinks,
but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars,
smoking our frock,
unweaving our slack,
and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow,
because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth will it be a tomorrow,
and then the next day,
and the next day,
and the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end,
and we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed-circuit TV,
because we won't want to miss a single revenge film minute.
Praise Bob!
Amen.
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Calm down, you saucer man
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take needles in my belly
Take samples of my skin
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man
I know that you don't take requests
But I'm a special case
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Hey, cow mutilators
Let me join your crew
Give me a knife
You bet your life I'll cut up cows for you
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast without a face
So come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Oh, take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Come down, you tiny robot
With your little nipper claws
You pale and bug-eyed aliens
With white and clammy paws
Life is just a sucker's dream
And death is a disgrace
So come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Oh, take me off to space








Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Space!
Yeah!
Oh, friends, you know,
oh, I should mention that was
Horton Nenslow singing
Take Me Off to Space, that wonderful old hymn.
That's one of the hymns that we like to
sing on our subgenius
holidays.
A lovely, lovely
old-time gospel hymn.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is Doctors Forb
Ob in the background.
They do it
their way.
As the mutants move,
that leaps up
Tibetan Tiger Man.
What about
this reputed
Jesus Starfleet that was
supposed to have shown up?
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck
at Lunar Central and have cleared
the airlocks into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians
are going wild. What a space
ovation!
Now let's feel another.
Now in celebration of this great
occasion, we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people
throughout the solar system will be
joining us in celebration of this
great day in outer space.
.

.
.
.


Late that Saturday night before retiring,
I took out the snapshot picture of the
sailor and studied it until I could close
my eyes and see this man's face as though
he was standing in front of me.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

It's difficult to get laid on a Friday night because you have to go to 27 separate singles farms in order to score an entire union.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Drew Pearson.
We bring you this special radio television broadcast in order to give you the very latest information on an amazing phenomenon,
the arrival of a spaceship in Washington.
The rumors of invading armies and mass destruction are based on hysteria and are absolutely false.
The UFOs are picking us up.
The UFOs are picking us up.
The UFOs are picking us up.
The part of your soul which is attached to your dollar rises up with the smoke
and it is received by our interplanetary exes, guardians, and you will be saved.
And in some cases, we don't want the money.
We throw the money in toilets and flush it down.
But.
Our intra-sewer sponge nine-inch worms receive the part of your soul which is attached to the money again
and you can be saved by the nine-inch worms also.
You need Bob following you around.
Bob can see through all those Bob hands.
The nine-inch worms are the only force which can encounter the exes maggots
and protect humanity from the exes maggots in 1998.
The exes are going to leave Earth.
Oh yeah, we'll be completely free to do whatever we want.
They're just going to leave us alone.
But they're unmentionable, unnameable, horrible maggots will remain.
We will be dogs to them in more ways than you can ever imagine.
Unless, unless the nine-inch worms are preserved.
No eight-inch worms aren't going to help you.
No ten-inch, ten and a half-inch worms are going to do anything.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will show you a good time.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will take you out on the town all night.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will take you out on the town all night.
Compared to those nine-inch worms.
You know, people are sitting there going, exes, end of the world, 1998.
If they don't buy the book, when 1998 comes and the world is a nuclear wasteland,
when we're all slaves or ground beef, they're going to go,
oh, I guess these guys weren't kidding.
Yeah, I should have read the start fist a little more carefully, he said,
while digging through nuclear holocaust, looking at the third hand growing from his,
stomach.
Why doesn't it go away?
Oh.
Heliopters are what brings them.
You can put it in your pipe and smoke it.
Heliopters are a, this is a legend that's, that is going to be revealed right now in media for the first time.
Heliopters are these quasi-mechanical, leather-clad, demonic, uh, they kind of look like helicopters at first glance,
but they are alive and they're employed by a, uh, I hate to use the term minor deity, but this guy's named Heliopters.
His name is Gabrogfran, and he's right up there with Bob, I'm not kidding, he's right up there with Odin and Arnold Palmer.
If you ever see anything that says, approved by Gabrogfran, buy it.
And, and these Heliopters are, uh, are how Dr. Bob equipment has arrived,
and oftentimes there are tons of, of Bob pills on these Heliopters,
these special compartments that were designed for the transport of these sacred, uh, anointings.
It was the Heliopters that originally brought our minds to Dobbs.
The rattlesnake manure.
A stench of the spirit.
The spirit is like bone to a million slaughtered swine.
And in these times thy planet is wreathed in foul vapors of night.
Hold on a minute, the conspiracy has put a slight detour in front of us here, I must change lanes.
But there are other things, other evil, dark, shadowy forces at work in this solar system of ours,
in this galaxy, in this corner of our universe.
...Nigi by imposing his twisted will...
...upon the trajectories of Jehovah's neutrinos, is able to deflect those trajectories.
Feasibility study ended.
Abduction of human race, infeasible.
Warning, warning.
Psychics applying to Puppers Life have discovered secret Nazi UFO bases in the Antarctic.
The truth that President Truman never told us.
Dobbs, bless his boring soul.
Superbrow.
See, they called him Wellman when he was a human.
Before the Brow took over. Before the Brow took over.
This is what I do to all your deities.
...second until they slow me down.
Therefore, there is a God. End of quote.
I said you're gonna have to get yourself in discernment here,
and be able to discern the spirit of God,
from the spirit of Hinduism.
I said people in Haiti, I said when the Holy Ghost hits them,
they think it's Buddha.
Because Buddha hits them like the Holy Ghost hits them.
People in America think that when the Holy Ghost hits somebody, it's witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft.
Throws people down. They see demonic visions.
And the devil uses them.
Buddhaism.
And witchcraft.
And the powers of the pagan gods.
The powers of the pagan gods produce its lying signs and wonders.
But I want you to know that the pagan gods and their false religions
can do what they're doing in the war.
Bless God, what can we do with a true God,
with a true Christ, with a true Holy Ghost?
We ought to be able to do more than what they're doing.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
How would God take the scales off your eyes,
and open your eyes to behold that the Lord's coming is at the door,
and that all that's happening in the world is getting us ready
for Jesus Christ to dwell in the fullness of God in the saints.
That we will come forth with revelation and manifestation of the Holy Ghost,
revealing Christ to the world.
That we will possess in our temples the very fullness of the Spirit.
That we'll be filled with the Spirit.
We'll be filled with it.
We'll have oil in our lamps burning.
That we will not stop until our lives have been complete.
I don't care.
They can talk about me all over Brownwood and Baines and around here.
Call me anything, but I'm preaching the truth.
They can talk about me and turn on this minister and say this ain't real.
But you let one of them hypocrites come and show where I'm wrong,
and take the Bible and prove that this ain't God,
and this ain't the Word of God to the people,
and I'll leave tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
But I'm not leaving tomorrow.
You say, why?
Because ain't nobody in the state of Texas and the state of Alabama, Florida,
anywhere else can take the Word of God and prove this is wrong.
They may lie.
They may accuse.
They may tell old man of evil.
But they cannot touch this Spirit.
They cannot touch this Word.
This is the Word of the Holy Ghost.
This is God's promise.
This is God's Word.
God's truth to you.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Bob Dobbs, Pastor, The Church of the Subgenius
The back is evil.
I don't know why.
My wife, she fell down and they've had to pick her up.
Her leg's okay.
And something, you can't get something for nothing.
If it ain't one thing, it's another.
It.
You know what I'm talking about.
It.
It.
It.
Ain't one thing.
It.
It's gonna be another.
It may be coming back on that opposite reality chain.
The one coming back the other way, it's like a big eight.
It's like a big eight.
And if it weren't for nothing, in contrast, you know, we'd be like nothing too compared to it.
And you can't know nothing unless you know everything.
But you can't know everything unless you know nothing.
I mean, people say I'm crazy and they get in there and they say,
but the Hades, the Hades and the unseen world and the abode of the lost.
And they say that ain't real.
And I seen it down there on the seventh level and I...
The mystery, the mystery, the mystery, it just tears us apart, the mystery.
And if we can just say...
I know.
I know.
We'll say it's shades in the sky and...
Just, yeah, it feels like we're...
We're...
Yeah.
it feels like a Nameless, It feels like an Bizim enfim...
No!
It feels like the point is that it's empty wise for the people I'veああ this revolted



Don't you feel it sometimes you just have to let one go.
Yeah.
I catch in a big old blow.
Hi, Jim.
Hello there, Irving.
Oh, man.
Dr. Irving's day.
Hi.
Hi, you guys.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Good morning.
Well, here's another one.
And we like to listen to your takes, sir.
And another one.
We've heard this.
This is the fourth one.
Yeah.
I mean, you guys are so good all over.
Feel alive.
We're breathing.
What's this?
I'm eating.
I'm eating.
That's living food.
Big laugh.
Want to hear me chew?
I don't know.
Are you any reliable?
What's your relation to?
Bulldog Drummer?
Arnold Stang?
Arnold Stang?
Let me talk to those subgeniuses.
I gotta talk to those subgeniuses.
I'm getting a deep backwards.
The devil spoke to me.
Many birds.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
If this day in beautiful North Texas comes to an end, we hope we've been a pleasant
part of your day.
We strive for quality and are happy to display this National Association of Broadcasting







Broadcasters seal of good practice.
We hope you've had a good day and that you'll join us again tomorrow.
Good night.
Good morning.
This is Doug and I'm here in the laboratories and this 90 minute cassette has not been totally
filled up.
Unfortunately, since I edited all that stuff, some new junk came in.
So, yeah, right.
Some of these people I have been told can get high off of human blood or can get high off
of animal blood.
But they feel very strongly that the blood from certain animals at certain points in
time and the things that are done at certain points in time give them strength.
Give them power over certain things.
Tommy Roy Bland of Louisville.
This man says no.
It's all a myth.
A crazy hoax dreamed up by somebody and built into a national fixation by a sensation seeking
press.
I can't get out of the car.
It's not there.
It's nothing in the sky.
Dr. Travis, get a hold of the wheel.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.


And where is my 써k?

Get out.
This is Antron.
This is Antron.
Attention, humans.
I am speaking to the medium of...
I've been staring to you humans.
We planted the seeds of life on this planet 10 billion years ago.
Seize all atomic testing.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
Kill me.
