This is Joe Offrecht of the Order of Dionysus Sabazios.
You're listening to the Hour of Slack and the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ejaculate in your moon pants.
You know, pants like the astronauts wore to the moon.
Oh, do we need to do that again?
Okay, but it would be wrong.
Uh, that's the, uh, clapper loader, uh, the best boy in the dolly grip,
who's just, uh, there on strike.
I'm sorry to tell you that, Mr. Stang,
but, uh, they say that this production can't move on
until their demands are satisfied.
Well, uh, let's go on with the press conference, uh...
He said in verse 21,
And you that were sometime alienated
and enemies in your mind by wicked works
yet now have dereconciled
and we were all alienated in our minds by wicked works.
That's our past. That was no past.
And that's our past tonight. That's a past.
But the second thing we see,
is the present.
We must endeavor to permeate every facet of American society.
The subgenius hour of swag.
and never leave.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
Be a success.
And that's all he thinks about. That's all he thinks about.
You know, I longed, so, for success.
Kinda hard to believe that it's brought me all these problems.
You don't accept that.
You want to be famous, have sex with lots of different people.
And you're thinking that if you just get the right breaks,
you'll get there one day.
And if you burn out along the way,
hey, at least you were doing what you wanted to do, right?
Sure, so you dream. If only!
But only, only happens on TV.
And you're tired, and you're tired of being tired,
tired of the hours rolling by,
the days accumulating in the chasm
between them and you getting bigger.
So you scream, nothing makes sense,
and it just isn't fair, no.
It isn't fair, but the haves don't care
if it's fair or not.
They're too busy out getting more.
So genius people, why, they're the salt of the earth.
You'd like to rub elbows with them.
Sound impossible?
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
You take the pinch of salt,
you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb,
walk with the shrooms around,
turning the decapitated child's head,
and then jump into the grave and say,
hop on my thumb, hop on my thumb,
this is a problem I must overcome.
Throw in a dead cat,
or a live cat that's not feeling well,
then cover with the sod,
and when the birds chirp on the third Saturday
after Micklemas,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in...
Shove it up here.
I must start all over again.
I've got to start this damn show all over again.
I believe...
...

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Well, I was out in the barn that morning implicating some disciplinary imperatives on my old dog, Blue.
It seems that Blue had exercised the incoherently bad judgment to appear at the back porch in front of my wife
with blood and feathers around his mouth,
a sure sign that the miscreant canine had dispatched and masticated one of our prized bantam hens.
Well, she, my spousal liability that is,
kicked up such a fuss about that killed chicken that I knew something was going to have to discombobulate that dog.
Truth was, I was kind of getting over old Blue myself,
what with me having stepped barefoot into a gargantuan pile of steaming dog by-product just the day before.
The memory of that warm, stinking goo squishing up between my toes
added to the fresh murderous smell of the dog.
The smell of that beloved chicken added up in my mind to a cold calculus of clear-cut crime and punishment.
Yes, old Blue would have to pay for his misapprehension,
and so that was why I was in the barn that morning,
slowly skinning him alive with my trusty fish knife.
His howls and unearthly ululations filled the crisp bucolic air
with the sweet music of agonizing inquiry.
The dog dann was neck-to-neck with heavy
andMRRIOO- fuels trying its most sweetest death again and I started to de-ha-
from his twitching, bleeding body.
I was about three-quarters done skinning Blue
when I heard my wife calling to me
between that egg-sucking animal's howls for mercy.
It was a good time to give Blue a break
since he was getting tired from struggling
and his screaming had become less hysterical.
Well, I put aside my knife and left Blue in the barn,
all nailed to the floor and mostly skinned and all,
and ejaculated down the path to the house.
Turns out my wife wanted me to meet this preacher
who had stopped in on us,
a missionary from this new religion
that had just come to town.
The missus served Jimson weed tea and sugar cookies
while we got acquainted.
He said they were the universal church of the subgenius
and that he wanted some guy named Bob
to come into our minds and give us this slack,
as they call it.
He seemed like a nice, clean-cut lad
with a tattoo of a coiled snake
on his face.
He had a little head on top of his shaved head
and a tiny screwdriver stuck in his left nostril,
probably from a nice little rural area
just like around here.
I always like to listen to preachers
and ask them lots of questions.
I'm fascinated by metaphysical speculations
and it was real different to hear somebody
talk about somebody besides Jesus for a change.
We've had them all come by here,
the Baptists and the Presbyterians
and the Methodists, lots of Methodists,
and the Jehovah's Witnesses and the Moonies.
Not so many of those anymore as there used to be.
And once we even had a pair of Hare Krishnas.
The little woman and I don't watch the TV,
so we have lots of time to listen to them
explain everything about their religions,
manifestos, and prophetic prognostications
down to the last little detail.
We can get into that sort of stuff for hours,
sometimes days.
Well, while this series,
Semi-Yeti as he called himself,
explained to me about how these UFOs were gonna come
and save all the abnormal people
from the imminent apocalypse and so forth,
my wife made like she was gonna get more
Jimson weed tea.
When she laid that five-pound mallet
upside his preaching head,
he didn't even see it coming.
While he was stunned and twitching
like he had ants in his pants,
we drug him up to the barn
so I could stabilize him
to my special rack I built for guests.
When he'd come around to his sensibilities again,
the helpmeet and I just pulled up a pair of chairs
close to him and Blue
so as we could burn him with these red-hot metal rods
from a little charcoal hibachi we had set between us.
Well, old Blue was moaning real low
and sort of continuous,
while this sub-genius preacher
shrieked real high and staccato.
And, you know,
it was some of the most important thing I ever did.
It was some of the best duet singing
the little woman and I had ever heard.
He answered all our questions at length for hours
about the fall of Mutantis in Antiquitum
and the malevolent Jehovah One
and about Reverend Ivan Stang
and the evil conspiracy of normal folks
who regress freedom while their religions
force them to disequilibriate the ecology.
He had a lot to say,
and when he slowed down talking,
we would encourage him to say,





we would encourage him to say,
we would encourage him with another jab
from a smoking poker.
He told us all about the conspiracy
and this fellow Bob
who had worked for the conspiracy
but turned against them
to set abnormal people free
and save them from religion
and all this other stuff.
The missus and I really liked the parts about UFOs.
We like UFO stories,
and he had lots of them.
When he told about X-Day
and everything getting blown up,



and all the bad folks dying slowly in agony
or living in an unending earthly hell,
I really got into it
and jabbed old Blue with my poker a few times
to get him going again real good
to accompany all this good preaching we were hearing.
But all good things must end,
and that bad old dog finally did just up and die
right about when our preacher guest
was running out of things to say.
I figured it was worth it.

I was working up to around supper time,
and I still had work to do.
So I went ahead and rammed a pitchfork
through the boy's head
and started gutting his carcass
while the wife went down to the house
to start dinner.
After I cleaned up the mess in the barn,
I took the preacher's head out
to the secret root cellar
in the brushy part of my land.
Then I put his head on the shelf
at the end of the row
of other missionaries' skulls
who had entertained us over the years
with their tales,
of gods and miracles and revelations.
I locked the door,
replaced the camouflage cover,
and went down to dinner.
Amazingly enough,
the day was already spent,
dusk was gloaming,
and the nocturnal babbling
of the common Indiana howler monkey
would soon begin.
When I got to the house,
I cleaned up and sat down
to a hearty dinner with my housefrog.
We talked about the strange
and wonderful things
our preacher friend had told us.
But we decided that the Universal Church
of the Subgenius wasn't for us,
because we were definitely very normal.
And we didn't think those exists
would probably like us.
We still occasionally read
that pamphlet number one
he left on the coffee table.
It's a real hoot,
especially after a few shots
of jimson weed tea.
Anyway, I was getting ready to go to bed,
all tired,
and fatigued from the day's
unanticipatory excitement,
when I suddenly remembered
I completely forgot to clean up
old, mostly skinned,
nailed to the floor,
and dead blue.
I cursed my absent-mindedness
as I grabbed a flashlight
and a shovel.
If you'd like to order
the complete set of Bob's
extremely bad stories to tell children,
just write your congressman
and demand public funding
for me to produce the tapes.
Tell your senator or representative
that Bob wants him or her
to give tax money to Reverend Dr. Nolan Void
of the Universal Church of the Subgenius.
Mooreanslag tortoise
Ja results
jawit
Hubert
c
computernet
lotus
slowly replacing them until there's nothing left but the virus.
And you won't be able to wake up from the nightmare about the show.
This is Joe Offrecht of the Order of Dionysus Sabazios,
and whenever I want to get horny with a chick,
I listen to the Hour of Slack and the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Remulation has a thousand songs that one by one pursue.
Running, falling, vomiting forth,
cobras enamored of fire escapes.
Void, oh, oh, so inspiring.
That's based on a true story, by the way.
I'm sure you can just hear the ring, the very ring, the smoke ring of truth in that.
And we'll have more of those fine things coming up.
I think we also heard a little bit of thought alchemy,
and certainly KPFA, the endless show that must never die.
We may go back into that self-same show
at some point, although...
Although, I'm thinking, you know,
we've had some side word-a-bob.
I mean, we've had word-a-bob on the side,
but we haven't really gotten into the biblical word-a-bob.
Friends, before I get on into the satanic rock and roll music we'll be playing and so forth,
I did want to read to you this...
some scripture.
I mean, when was the last time we read any scripture on the dang show?
Now, for all I know,
I might have read this very one on the dang show to you three, four weeks ago,
but I don't think so.
I think I thought about it and then didn't,
but as it says in...
Where did it say this?
Oh, Saint Seminole, the Stagirite, in the dubious Apocrypha of the Indolent,
bespoke...
Actually, this is from a vision, I believe.
Let's get this balanced just right.
And lo, on the seventh day,
when the Lord was resting and not looking,
the first bob created he him,
superfluous beasts of the field.
And among these were the jackalopes,
and the griffons, and bunyips,
and manticores, and hydras, and lake serpents,
and bigfoots, and pushmipulius,
and snipebirds, and geetra, and gamora.
And he looked him upon his handiwork and said,
Lo, it is good.
And on the eighth day,
when the Lord awoke and saw what the first bob had done,
he waxed wroth and spake unto bob,
Lo, these beasts of the field are unclean in mine eyes,
and of foul odor to mine nostrils.
And so I shall give unto my children, Adam and Eve,
brains that they might disobey.
And after a certain time,
they shall slay all thine animals which are ludicrous before mine eyes.
And on the ninth day,
the first bob in his sadness created him certain plants of the field,
these being habifropsipulops, and hops, and grains,
and strange yeasts, and molds, and fungi,
that God's children might eat of them,
and fall down, and pass out, and have visions.
And when the Lord had seen what bob had done,
he put his arm over bob's shoulder,
and they the both of them laughed with a great heartiness
that shook the earth and rent it.
For the Lord was glad from bob's jokes,
and said,
Bob, thou hast shown unto me slack,
so thou art surely my son,
or surely at least my adopted son,
for thou art dearer to me than my shiftless real son,
Satan,
that old serpent.
And from that day both the Lord and Bob
made merry and enjoyed great mirth,
as they made more jokes upon creation,
and man,
and woman,
forevermore.
Ah, yes, dear friends,
you know the word bob is so beautiful when it comes to you like that,
with background music.
Because personal cosmologies are always helpful,
but they are not the important thing.
The answer is always,
it is ineffable.
I knew it all along.
Now I get the joke.
The problem is to remember where you stand,
leave the labyrinth of symbols behind,
and rise to the occasion of that it.
Because yes, dear friends,
yes, after all these centuries of organized belief,
a religion that finally comes out and admits that it can't be said,
because it is what is being said and doing the science,
and saying at the same time.
What is mind?
No matter.
What is matter?
Never mind.
For let them mount up upon themselves
if they do not see
the humour
in it.

I apologize for that.
That was a little excerpt from the Hour of Slack.
That was of course the Reverend Ivan Stang you heard.
Yeah, that was the Reverend Ivan Stang running at about 80% speed.
I like it better that way.
Keep going along.
Okay, we're trying this yesterday.









¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
I'm the pole man, I feel good
I'm the pole man, I feel good
I'm the pole man, I feel good
Austin, Texas, 787-65-4542
And, uh, yes, yes, yes
This is Joe Offric of the Order of Dionysus Abasios
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack with Reverend Ivan Stang
I want you to suffer from
Up against the underwear syndrome
People in jail for stealing Preparation H
While murderers go free to write million-dollar books
There's no justice in the world
The haves live the good life and buy their justice
While you receive your sentence
Hypocrites and liars everywhere
How can you trust anyone if everyone is out to get theirs first?
A small few
You control everything
Sure, your only response is to take the safe route
College right out of high school
Get that career that everyone admires
Do the right things everyone says you should
Well, years will pass and you'll have stayed where you're at
Put up with the abuse in order to climb the ladder
But eventually you'll melt down
I tell you, yes, yes, you can and must self-deprogram now
So disconnect is of the utmost importance
Bob is now doing it for you by making you now do it
Go ahead, caller
Dear?
Is it a mind killer?
So if you know any high school students, they should be listening right now
They make excellent converts
Well, recruiting converts to fly down to Dobstown
So anytime you want to and explore the undiscovered mood modes and juggle them
Come on over and listen to the studio
Provoke your mental-life eco-twins with an act of poltergeist
And by feeding messages and thoughts
Communicate with the welding shaft of suppression
It's ornicationalism
And with consenting subgenie-tiloids and non-consenting pigs
Hello?
Hey, I say nuke on, you know?
Well, we were trying to find out exactly what the mutants looked like
I'd be real interested
I think this film is about the clearest version we have
You can see that he has no shoulder
His head in the pipe there on the
You can kind of see the shadow of the pipe
It's hard to see the pipe
There's a scope on the pipe
And that may have been airbrushed in
There's a, see there's a
Now we're showing you the grassy knoll
I've never seen the dots up this close, Doug
Yeah, this is an amazing, never-seen-before footage
On Channel B.O.B. if you're watching right now on cable vision
And you can see
You can see the bob here before us
You can see there was a bob on the grassy knoll right here
You can see the, there's the dobshell
There's the dobshadow
Now there's another dobshadow over here
I'll tell you what the mutants are
It's those goddamn ashtrays in Harrah's Lake tunnel
That's exactly what I mean
They're all over the place
Then I have talked to them
Everywhere
People take them to their suitcases
Their coffee tables
I mean, you know, every grandma in the world's got one of them
Yeah, I know, I have talked to them
Bye-bye
Well, in this amazing footage you can see the acupuncture centers
Now open in Dallas, Fort Worth, San Francisco, Honolulu, Anchorage, Guam
Again, Yaguam
And parts of Tennessee
Not available in Louisiana, Utah, Missouri, Massachusetts, Maine, Rhode Island
Some of these stupid science fiction techniques actually are effective medical principles
When applied correctly can produce great amounts of slack
See, see what this guy's, now see the guy in the bottom there
There we go, now he can see the eight sacred interfaces of his personality
Yes, Larry Moe Curley
Groucho
Oh, Dr. Gabrofram, call for Dr. Gabrofram
We know who calls before they do here
Call for Dr. Gabrofram
Where's Dr. Gabrofram?
Do you think that the subgenius started with those ashtrays?
We are relatively new to this research
Evolution of ashtrays or?
No, Lee
It has nothing to do with the ashtrays
That's a religion
It's a pamphlet that it started with
There was a pamphlet on the ground and it grew into a religion that scared everybody
And the ashtrays were left alone
But they, those are the mutants that you were talking about before
And they may be part of the alien conspiracy
I'm not sure of the Jesuit conspiracy inside the Satanist conspiracy
But the problem is that we
Well, I'm going to send you my wallet
Okay, good, we've all talked to those
We've all had a lot of fun
I think that you should continue talking to the mutants and the ashtrays
Because at this point, sometimes the ashtray is going to talk back to you
And you know at that point you've made contact
That's always the most important part, them talking back to you
Otherwise, send a dollar to P.O. Box 140306
The subgenius is, was, and ever shall be
The subgenius is Kama Sutra, the id, the light, the glow, and the heart and mind of every free-thinking subgenius
That's right
And subgenius is a man
Yes
Well, the uber-brow is not with us
We have lost all form of leadership here in the studio
Ah, the little subgenius children, they're so cute
Hold one of them up so we can see it there
Yeah, that's better
Hey, no, no
I didn't say to lock me out of the studio, come on
You can't breastfeed that baby brofram
Ah!
At the first sign of violence
Hello
I'm totally convinced
I'm going to give you all my assets
I can't believe it
But it must be true
You're back, yeah, I know you
No, no, I have never even heard your program before
Are you kidding?
Yes, well, we've never heard it before either
Really?
I don't give us any monitors
I'm going to
Ah, just wait a minute, hold it
Okay
No
Hold that chronon
Ah, here it is
Here, put this on the mic
Oh, okay, there we go
That's much better, thanks
I'm going to liquidate everything, all my assets
You can have them, I want to be a subgenius
Okay, what would you do?
You are
I want to be ignorant, I want to be stupid
Send your wallet to the church so they can let us out of here, would you?
Well
One question
Ask the question
All right, this is it
I want to know what that crazy rabbit has to do with all of it
Yeah, yeah, we know about it, but that's not what we're here to talk about, no dumb rabbit
We're here to talk about the great God Jehovah One
And his prophet, Bob Dobbs
You know, for Lyndon Johnson
You can't take your rabbit to subgenius heaven, but it takes extra slack
Huh?
Extra slack?
Yes, much extra slack
Extra dollars
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I see
We'll be on next week, don't worry
I don't know exactly what people are doing at this hour of the morning, but
It's time now, once again, to fly high above Berkeley and over
Good night, and I'm moving with you
All right, you understand?
Yes
Well, it's once again time to communicate with a Desmond, shall we?
Oh, no, can we get Berkeley from up here?
Sure, let's try
Ah, hello, Berkeley
What is the meaning of plat-pill, bar-rata, nit-pill?
Oh, that's, that's a
Wait a minute, I have that here
Those are the words that stop Gort, the robot of the day the earth stood still
Oh, that's okay, Bob, she's okay
I just checked her stanchion
She can take more than just the conspiracy explanation
Good, I want it all
Yeah, I can see that here
We can't have it all on this radio station because we already have it all
There's not even enough for us here
There's not even any lights here
Too much is always better
Listen to that Reaganomics
I know that, I know, you know, the answer to your question
The answer to your question includes slavery, human sacrifice, polygamy, morality, carnal religions, and debt-free economics
I mean, are you ready for all of that?
I'm ready for more
The idea that America...
Are you ready for the subgenital gut blowout?
No
Yeah, I hate that
No, that's a special right that you can apply for at the church in Dobstown
It's probably one of the more fun rides there
You do the whole thing backwards
I don't throw up though, do I?
No, no, you don't
No, no, no
That's later, that's the next ride, but you don't have to take, that one's optional
Good
That's a subgenius boat ride
That's a subgenius bioenergenics
Yeah
Yes
Too deep for us
That's what Bob was
Yes, or there's us, which is worse
The machines are actually a little more tender and meaningful
We have generic Bob Glangela sex tracks on them
I love those machines
Yes, friends, that was an old, old subgenius tape, back from, obviously from the Berkley Show, KPFA
And that must have been from like 1982 or 83?
Yes, the show was in 1983 when that show first started, because they still loved Bob out there then
And people were so simple and so sweet in those days
The old days, you know, the old days were always the best
Oh yes
I suspect that here will be a special place in hell for such beings
David the Psalmist said in Psalms 15, 1 and 3
Lord, who may abide in thy tabernacle, who may dwell on thy holy mountain,
the man of blameless life, who does that which is right and speaks the truth from his heart,
who has no malice on his tongue, who never wrongs a friend and tells no tale against his neighbor,
at the judgment there will be those who with their malicious tongue have destroyed the lives and reputation of others.
These gossipers will be cast into the lowest, darkest pit of eternity
Call the next defendant
K. Bridges to the bar
Silence, K.
Yes, your hands are covered with the blood of the thousands of souls that you have murdered
Murdered? But I never murdered anyone
Not with a sword, but you have sentenced a thousand souls to hell with your malicious tongue
It would have been a thousand times better had you murdered them with a sword
Oh no, but I never said anything about anyone except what was true
I only said
You spoke the truth
No, K. You spoke that which you wanted to be true
But granting that you did only speak the truth, who gave you license to defame and destroy the character of others?
The serpent with his venom and his ire, with his slimy, slithery foes and his noiseless crawl,
with his deadly call and fatal fang is the only fit emblem of the man or woman who stabs and kills the character of another
Let your own words condemn you
Oh no
May 10th, 1973
Linda's been such a good friend in spiritual health
Well, when you've known her as long as I have, you'll really get to know her
What do you mean?
She's not as concerned about your spiritual life as you think
But I'm not one to say anything
You just call me when you need advice
Well, I've got a lot to do, I have to go
Goodbye
Goodbye
Oh no
Well, I didn't think being a Christian was going to be like that
I don't believe I want any part of it
Oh no
Oh my God, my God have mercy on me
I never realized, have mercy on me
You, K., with your gossipy tongue, have driven the babes away from my house
You have destroyed my church
You have in your lifetime destroyed the weak among my flock
You never knew what it meant to show mercy
Would you dare ask this court of mercy?
There is no mercy for you
You are sentenced to hell where you will be haunted forever by the souls you sent there
Oh no, I don't want to go to hell
You can't send me to hell for something I didn't know
I didn't know, I only repeated what I heard
You didn't know that the most fearful of all crimes...
Oh no, I didn't know...
...is the crime of gossip, your record will speak for itself
Oh no
April 7, 1970
The Word of God declares the greatest abomination in the eyes of God is the tailbearer
Hear what the Scripture says
These six things doth the Lord hate, yea, seven are an abomination unto him
A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed...
Hands that shed...
...frop
Ah, friends, well that was, that's, you know it's a shame
That's all we have left of the judgment on tape
The judgment tape ended
And I guess if you did any sins after that tape ran out
The recording angels aren't going to be able to rewind it for God like they were doing on their birthday
And call the next witness
Reverend Ivan Stang, did you not mock my radio production of the judgment tape?
Oh, even though it was done by my people up in Oklahoma
Why...
...under the earth
Ye...
Like it or not...
Is his name in the Book of Life?
...your enemy must acknowledge defeat...

...when you speak the faith command...
Then cast him in...
...in the name of Jesus...
...to the lake of fire
...declare your freedom boldly
The name of Jesus is above every name, that at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow
And every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father and the Son

Amen! Absolutely! Praise the Lord!
Step number three
Destroy it
Don't sell it
Don't give it away
Destroy the drugs completely as a sacrifice to God
This third step is very, very important
Jesus on several occasions told people to do something as an act of faith after he had healed them
He told the blind man near the pool of Siloam
Now, you only have two years till X-day
Don't delay
Order today
Now, if anyone has any questions
See you next time

He is able to carry a addchair
Turn yourこy
Turn your put
Turn to again
Naughty
Naughty
Naughty
Naughty


...
Naughty
Naughty
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
She's dead true.
And it will enslave you.
Sexual life, individual life,
the torture inside, the spitting of pride,
the narrowing of the mind.
And now you're halfway blind.
I can come and prepare for warfare.
Fight the lies, the lies, the lies,
the lies, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on!
Don't be a puppet, fuck you!
John culturally
crystallized



regenerated
from motherhood


fference
civilization
evangelization
Ahimsa, dear friends, Ahimsa.
That was our friend Steve Slack with his band, which used to be called Slack Attack.
I would have played a more newer song by him from his Drool tape, but it didn't work.
It got all stuck up.
Anyway, you can write for information on Slack Attack and Steve Slack.
I'm sorry, that's the name.
Got that pencil ready?
125, that's 125 South Cherry Street.
Cherry, as in the cherry tree that George Washington chopped down.
And, yeah, that's 125 South Cherry Street.
Number two.
Richmond, Virginia.
Richmond, Virginia.
23220.
Sacred numbers hidden in there.
Ah, yes.
Oh, and while I'm at it, I might as well give the subgenius P.O. box number so you can find out what happened.
You know, if you have trouble finding our books in the stores or something like that, we can send you free information if you'll just write to...
Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
What? That's 140306?
That's P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Dallas, Texas.
Oh, yeah, 75214.
That's right, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
We ought to have a chat.
We ought to hear of that with cheerleaders.
And we have those cheerleaders, but they won't let us show them on the street without their iron mask.
Supposedly, that's to protect the others.
That's what Janer said, anyway.
Well, friends, I want to finish this show and get back to fiddling with my computer.
Yes, I want to get away from this world, this hard, harsh task.
Master of a world.
And go into where it's logical and clean and smooth and anti-aliased.
Yes, deep back into my little box.
And at the same time, the net at large, where we have more control over our presentation.
Not as much as we would always like.
Because, you know, if we had the amount of control...
That we would like...
There would be no more slack for any...
Oh, wait, no, no.
There would be endless slack.
Yes, juicy, rolling, roiling waves of slack.
Washing up to your ankles and then up to your waist, as high as your waist.
To where you had to slosh through the slack to do any kind of work at all.
And finally, it would be up to your neck.
Yes, you'd be up to your neck in slack and you'd have to quit working entirely.
And finally, the slack would start washing down your throat.
And you wouldn't be able to get your head high enough to keep it out of the slack long enough to even breathe.
And pretty soon you'd have so much slack that you'd be breathing nothing but pure, unadulterated slack.
And you'd be able to get your head high enough to keep it out of the slack long enough to even breathe.
So can I take my gun up to heaven?
I'll check with St. Peter out the gate.
And if I had a woman that was faithful.
Or even kind to summertime.
I'd drag her on up to the gates of heaven.
Or follow her right down to the gates of hell.
So can I take my gun up to heaven?
You know she's all within my reach.
I'll drag her on up to the gates of heaven.
I'll drag her on up to the gates of heaven.
So can I take my gun up to heaven?
Consider the days of the field, how they grow.
They toil not, neither do they spin.
And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Wherefore, if God so clothed the grass of the field, which today is and tomorrow is cast into the oven,
shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?
Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat?
What shall we drink?
Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness,
and all these things shall be added unto you.
Take therefore no thought for the moral flesh,
for the moral shall take thought for the things of itself.
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Stay there until you fall asleep.
When you fall asleep, that means we're off the air.
When you quit listening to us, we'll no longer be there.
You have to make the primordial matter of nature stand up and salute.
You think this was our idea?
I just don't know what to say. How can we ever thank you?
Oh, they were broken up. See, they'll get together, and that's why they'll cease to exist in April.
Ah, okay. We're talking about literally cease to exist.
Yeah, we're talking about flame out, you know?
Ionization of most of the molecules involved.
No dirty vreedies.
Ball of fire in the studio.
So did I win the figurine or what?
Yes.
You're going to get a figurine that lights up, revolves, and dispenses free chowder.
Our miniature craftsmen have designed, cast, struck, etched, forged, and finished these authentic replications
not available in any store, even on the market.
They're all on this radio station before their commission, literally without regard for any quality.
They come with their own adoption papers, and you can bring them into their own home.
You're just kind of crazy.
Ah, but now by special arrangement from the Postmaster General of Guam,
this 72-piece commemorative plant honoring you and the footprints of the great jewel thieves
of the French Riviera mentioned earlier, each encased in its own watery silk caddy
that revolves 360 degrees on genuine Swedish ball bearings, has been canceled. Sorry.
Yes, indeed.
Oh, there it goes. Oh, it hurts, but we can carry it, caller. Okay, hold on.
All right. All right.
The resulting confusion of all seismic signals will cause the simultaneous detonation of American warheads...
Do you have a quick call for the Court of Miracles?
Hey, Doug. Hey, Doug.
Let's come on in here. I've got three microphones in my own show.
We don't even have to listen to Bob Nelson. No problem.
So, what are you guys going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of religion stuff, right?
We never make fun of religion.
Never make fun. Make money.
You must understand we're making money off religion, but not fun off religion.
No. No. No fun. No fun.
We hope to erase the slack area in this part of the country.
We are missionaries. This is hard work. It's brutal and gruesome work.
And hopefully...
I assume the position lies.
Yes, sir.
These are called cribbage crotch figurines, and they're wanted in every home across America.
Cribbage crotch figurines?
That's right, young man, and you've won one.
Oh, when do I get it?
Well, as soon as you sign out the, uh, the jewel form for the lettuce leaf kids.
At Jewel Co.
At where?
Who?
Bobby.
We have to put up with these guys because they know the right people.
Bobby.
Bobby.
But you can trust me, Ivan Stang.
Yes, you can trust me.
I'm Dr. Ivan Stang.
Yes, well, you see, we have to attack these songs with the full vim and vigor of all of those who are with us all the time.
There is some truth to the fact that the major hierarchy will be in one room at one time.
So you can believe in me. I'm Ivan Stang. I never lie and I'm always right.
It extends throughout the rules and has to do with doing your oblivion.
It has to do with glass madness.
And see the guy?
No, no, no.
It has to do with Gilligan's Island.
It has to do with the triple AR bar.
It has to do with the Tim and the Luck plane.
So Doug Wilman passes over to the main forward desk at the time control theater.
And gets his own church out.
Stop it, Bobby! Stop it!
And that's right. Just let the disinfectant roll over you.
It's going to clean out all those other viruses.
It will replace your previous viruses with a new one.
A special new telepathic brain eater type virus.
And actually, what it does is it creates tool pick hallucinations.
In other words, if you concentrate closely enough.
Focus.
Focus on the music.
Focus.
That Chaz is playing there.
Bring it, get it here.
Focus on the music.
Now, Chaz.
Focus on that.
Let the wet wear of your very size.
Your finances be rewritten.
Just follow the bouncing ball.
The bouncing pipe.
And concentrate. Concentrate, friends.
Alright, now reboot the deity.
We...
He just lit up. The deity just lit up.
He's rebooted.
Okay.
Now, what was it we were going to talk about?
We were reconard.
We created a new form of a combination of a new form of a recombinant DNA you had developed.
And also a stally, a polyphone which you had developed.
And we are going to go deep, deep, deep, deep into the oracle.
Deep into the oracle.
Just sink into the foam.
Just sink into the foam.
Ah, you're floating in a sea of pills, friends.
You're just too blind, deaf, and dumb to taste them and see them and hear them.
