Oh yes, friends, and Jim Morrison howls very, very drunkenly in the background as Jimi Hendrix
and Johnny Winter try to bring you this new Hour of Slack opening.
Ah, lovely opening for the Hour of Slack.
For unto the pure all things are pure, but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving
nothing is pure, but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Titus 1.15.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
We will control the vertical.
Wake up, little boy.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reigns in your subconscious mind.



The soul genius Hour of Slack.
Watch.
With ten in a row favorites of Yesterday and today.
The Best Mix Lifestyle Series.
Bob is my guy
Just as sure as birds will fly
And flowers wither and die
Bob is my guy
So sweet and shy
His kind of love you cannot buy
Knowing his love
I wouldn't try
Bob is my guy
When he looks up at me
With his baby eyes
Thrills my soul
Just as sure as birds will fly
Just knocks me cold
I just can't realize
That Bob is my guy
When he is near
I hear the sigh
Our love will never die
Bob is my guy
Bob is my guy
Ah, yes, dear friends,
a slight departure
from our usual heavy metal
techno style of Bob songs.
Joe Ligon's here.
The song Bob is my guy.
Just knocks me cold
I just can't realize



realize
that
Bob
is my
guy
when he is near
I
hear the sigh
our love
will
never die
Bob
is my guy
Bob
is
my
guy
oh praise Bob
beautiful singing by Connie
there
oh give me
16,000 shares
1, 2, 3
the stock market closes at 3pm
and you're trying to control
the price of gold with your
mind
but sometimes even cabal
controllers lose control
that's why
Fruit of the Illuminati is the
secret of the secret
masters
that's right, each pair of Fruit of the Illuminati is mysteriously
shrouded in a comfy, non-chafing
occult coverting, they never itch
and if intense concentration loosens
your lower chakra, the absorbent
left-handed pad gives and takes
away, so whether it's a hit on an
aging politician or a goofy social control
experiment go for it break wind without breaking silence with vert of the illuminati underwear
the secret of the secret master look for the eye and the pyramid on the label
what if all of the books that you read in school are a lie you better look at the real truth the
soviets have taken that technology and they have what they call cosmo spheres that are floating
about this planet using the technique of transmitting energy without wires and they use
it from their bases in Siberia Kevin you're not a believer are you Kevin well I think that's all
documented from the National Enquirer no it's not it's documented from other library books and
actually if you really want to get into that technology you call it and we'll get to and you
start theorizing about the possibilities of this goes because if you sit down and say this can't
be then again you're going to get into the real world and you're going to get into the real world
and you're going to get into the real world and you're going to get into the real world and you're
going to get into the real world and you're going to get into the real world and you're going to
God you don't know what's going on okay hi there I'd like to ask George earlier in the program he
said something about the earth being actually designed for 500 million people and that by the
year 2000 with the New World Order or whatever that was that we were going to get back or they
were going to get back to having 500 million people on here why then has the planet ever
been allowed to support like four billion earth people
five billion six and a half billion because of their free will we were given the laws of God and
the creation and we and we chose not to abide by him we said oh I'm not going to buy that I'm not
going to buy into that trip I'm going to leave myself this man died on the cross 2 000 years ago
for my sin so I can go ahead and sin and that's exactly what we're talking about that's only one
area or the money changes the bankers said how can I get all these people to bring the
money to me I'm going to control the world and that's what it's been all the way around and
that's what it's been all the way around dear friends well our sermon tonight is from chapter 11
the birth of the true butants which leads us into the subject eventually of original sex
the mating practices
among the Yetis of mutantis as well as advice on finding and keeping your true Yeti mate
oh yes and here's a a charming creation myth this story is told by the zhugarians of Tibet
the descendants of the original Yetis the true Adam of the Bible created by gods and
the
giants in the Earth who found it great mutantis in Antiquitum the motherland of man
foreign
at first there was no universe
Only Gbrogfran, who straddled the backs of four gigantic multi-dimensional elephants,
who stood on the back of an even more gigantic toad, which in turn was standing atop another toad,
and below that it was toads all the way down.
But these were composed of nothing.
Approximately 100 billion years ago, when Gbrogfran first made something from the all-inclusive nothing,
the early universe was composed entirely of cosmic fire and cosmic ice.
These primordial opposites were formed into huge balls,
by the Great Dung Beetle, and rolled against each other.
As the two elements clashed, explosions produced the aether,
some of which the Great Dung Beetle gathered together and painstakingly rolled up into all the tiny atoms of the universe.
Then it rolled all the atoms together to form stars and planets.
The Great Dung Beetle was the first to form a star.
The Great Dung Beetle chose certain of the planets,
and rolled certain ingredients together on them,
turning the planets into females and their atmospheres into males.
Our planet was one of these.
The sky was a shell of pure ice, 20 miles thick, that sheltered the world from deadly cosmic rays.
In those days,
the Earth was one pure lake, covered with bulrushes.
But the sky was lonely.
And so it came down upon the Earth and mated with her,
producing life, all the plants and all the animals.
Meanwhile, there was a great battle in space between Gbrogfran and the Neather Bob.
Gbrogfran killed the Neather Bob,
and made the Great Dung Beetle to roll together his blood and feces to form the first man.
Then he made Wo-Man out of rattlesnakes and tarantulas.
Both of them were giants, covered with beautiful hair,
not at all like men and women of today.
And they could live for a million years.
Meanwhile, the Great Dung Beetle had made Man and Wo-Man
as two separate, completely different creatures at first,
able to procreate without sex, by budding.
But Gbrogfran saw them and felt pity,
and made them come together.
And when the root of Man-Man was sunk into the crevasse of Wo-Man-Woman,
that was the Tree of Knowledge.
When the New People had produced many children and grandchildren,
and there were villages,
they began to fight each other all the time.
In those days there were many Elder Gods or Drotars,
and they liked to come to Earth,
to watch the Earth people with amusement.
One of the gods, Odin,
came to Earth and made love to an Earth Woman,
who bore him a beloved son,
Pipe-Maker the Beautiful,
the First Bob.
His kindly and jocular spirit brought joy to the gods,
and he was not warlike.
But as always, one of the Drotars was false and hated him.
This was Negi, or Loki, or Azathoth,
the personification of extreme mischievousness.
Negi gave drugged wine to the near-sighted goddess Dame Slack,
and seduced her,
and used the heat from her orgasm
to melt the shield of cosmic ice that protected the Earth
from deadly cosmic rays.
These rays came down and affected the elder wife of the chief Pipe-Maker,
and to the fear and wonder of the people,
she gave birth to four little monsters.
They were Woman-Man and Man-Woman,
and New Man-Man and New Woman-Woman,
which is why there are four sexes today.
The elders said,
These strange children will bring great misfortune.
It would be better to kill them right now for the sake of the tribe.
The mother refused,
and said the children would grow up all right.
But they didn't.
The small monsters grew fast and became subgeniuses.
They hurt others.
They upset huts.
They befouled people's food.
A wise man who could see things in his mind which had not yet happened said,
Kill these strange bad things before they kill you.
The four bad children ran away,
but the tribe took chief Pipe-Maker
and hanged him to a tree for nine days and nights
and pierced him with a spear.
But he lived,
and thus learned wisdom and the secrets of the runes.
But the melting of the shield of ice had caused a great flood,
and the first Bob used his new magic to make a huge boat
over ten thousand meters long so that he could put his family in it
and the innocent animals
and save them from the deluge.
When the flood came,
the boat sailed away.
But some of the animals caused trouble to the first Bob's family,
and he threw them off the boat.
These were the great land squids
and the face-raping bats and other vermin.
But they lived,
because they swam or flew to Mount Ararat where it was dry.
And then,
as the boat rocked upon the shore,
the dinosaurs,
such as the great Ultrasaurus,
began vomiting.
And the first Bob decided there was not room for the dinosaurs either,
and he pushed them off the boat to drown.
Aids mosquito,
thermonuclear weapon mite,
concept neuron,
and the others had not evolved at that time.
But when the dinosaurs were dead,
the first Bob was so sad that he became drunk and fell asleep uncovered in his bunk.
Negi crept into the first Bob's room while he was asleep,
and when Negi saw his nakedness,
he became so jealous that he slew the first Bob and ran away.
The First Bob
With the death of the first Bob,
the gods lost all interest in humanity.
Light and joy had vanished from their hearts at the death of this Bob.
They established the Mysteries and the Cover-Up
in order to later bring about the resurrection of Bob at some future date
when they could join him into one with the Anti-Bob at the time intersection.
And then,
the Earth was swept into darkness
and possessed by strange chaotic beings
with incredible monsters who came from outside the universe.
The people fell down and worshipped these things and forms.
The flames came and slew the forms which were two and four faced.
They fought the goat men and the dog-headed men
and those with fish bodies.
They took huge she-and-dog
and animals unto them.
They begat them,
dumb races,
monsters they bred.
Then the great waters came
and the people were mixed with these monsters.
And when the waters receded,
there were cities of beast men
and no one knew of slack anymore.
For the universe remained one.
Well friends,
have we today,
among all of our
sects and religions,
any creation story that is more pure and simple than that one?
You know, every human culture has its creation myth.
It's the Garden of Eden.
Fall from Grace.
And Great Deluge.
All of them are packs of lies.
But all are,
based on functional events.
Which only,
Only Dobbs' revealed word can give an accurate picture.
We no longer need to rely on silly superstitions.
The forbidden sciences can explain everything in purely scientific terms.
Who needs God when there's DNA?
Pain and pleasure may be dramatic byproducts of this endless battle that life is,
but the process has only one purpose,
to selectively find the best genetic coding as defined according to that moment of time,
and to project it forward into the future.
We are nothing more than gelatinous bags of delivery mechanism for that code.
The code has its own agenda, which we can never understand.
We're a handy vehicle for it to travel on through aeons of time and through many interesting permutations.
For the more complex the code, the closer it is to the one true DNA code.
To kill time, the vehicle, us, keeps trying to come up with explanations for what we're doing,
fantasies about why we might be important.
But that's just a diversion for the robot chassis.
The code itself doesn't care, and has infinite patience.
We are only animals.
But we are...
We are the most dangerous animal, the Tyrannosaurus of our age.
We can kill more other species than any other creature.
However, the smaller ones, the viruses and bugs, can evolve faster.
Our environment automatically seeks to out-evolve us,
and our stiffest competition remains these lowliest of all God's creatures.
The AIDS virus, for instance, our current biggest threat 500 years ago, it was bubonic plague.
But our technology can probably keep up with those.
Just barely.
The real problem is...
Can our technology keep up with itself?
Can it save us from its own poisons?
No, we're no luddites.
Going back to the caves is not the answer to the world's problems.
It's a personal escape, sure, but only as long as the pinks don't want those caves for condo sites.
Why, technology could bring us the heaven on earth depicted in Jehovah's Witness magazines,
like the Watchtower.
If we use it with slackful intent.
We don't want to revert to the Stone Age, but we also don't want to abandon the Stone Age.
We must drag it with us into the high-tech future, or we will lose all perspective on our prime mission,
which is to flourish and multiply.
That's why it's important for us to study history, to know our own past,
and to be able to recognize and respond to the calls of our innermost natures.
Reliable to forget?
Then our innards do not cry out for work or TV.
Most of the time, they cry out for only three things.
Sleep, food, and sex.
The first two are almost always easily available.
But thanks to all of our rival religions, however, sex, really good sex, is much harder to come by.
Sister Mary said,
Mary Squared preaches that this is an ugly religion,
we pick our noses,
we pyroflatulate,
and sex is messy.
And friends, we praise the messy sex,
we admit to the messy sex,
we consider any religion without the messy sex to be a bad religion.
But what, you may wonder, does the messy sex have to do with Earth's prehistory and the yetis of Mutantis?
It has everything to do with everything.
The sense of wallowing pig lust is the necessary main motivating factor for us meat byproducts of the DNA code.
It is a squirting universe, or more fairly, a squirting or oozing universe, depending on whether the observer is male or female.
The conspiracy is wrong.
The meaning of life lies not in happiness or money or knowledge or to great religious texts or even in reproduction,
although that is the purpose of life.
The meaning of life is the squirting or oozing.
It is that simple.
Not the baby making, just the selfish immediate gratification.
Not the eating, but the tasting.
If you're truthful with yourself, you'll admit that everything you do is done to make you feel better.
Even if self-sacrifice is your thing, you're still doing it only because it makes you feel good.
You just happen to be a sick fetishist.
Self-interest is the only motivation.
And unless you're a junkie or a religious nut or some other form of pervert,
you'll agree that the most self-pleasing sensation in the world is the moment of squirt or ooze.
If it wasn't for that and all the surrogate squirts like music, power, and prayer,
men and women would not put up with each other and life would cease.
This may disappoint some of you who are looking for a more elevated,
a highfalutin,
meaning to life,
but honestly, isn't that enough?
If it's not enough, then that's probably because you haven't had the full gospel squirt or ooze.
And that's, unfortunately, pretty likely because the conspiracy has watered down our bloodline
and hence our capacity for the full slack experience since our creation in Mutantus in 80 million B.C.
The only way to give you a sense of how things work is to go to the internet.
And, no, this whole stuff!
To Value
Google
of slack. There's no longer a speed limit. We may go as fast as we'd like, but we have to pay Bob
a toll, though. It cost Bob, the first upright Bob and his monks and monsters, a mighty pile
to build that highway. And this is the story of that highway.
Around 80 million B.C., near the close of what we call the Cretaceous era, the exists
came from space and placed on Earth among the dinosaurs those mighty men of the Bible,
the true covenant men of antiquity. The ones who lived 999 years, the Yetis. A Yeti, of
course, is only a little old.



convenient term, their original name for themselves would be literally impossible for us to pronounce
or spell because part of their language was telepathic and part was body language. Yeti
is what the Tibetans of the Himalayas call them, and we find it more dignified than the
English words Bigfoot or Native American name Sasquatch. Certainly it beats the denigrating
phrase Abominable Snow Person or the dry scientific name based on ancient bone fragments Gigantopithecus.
Aside from the Tibetan Yeti, all the other names denote subhuman animals. No doubt the
Yetis find that amusing and ironic. A Yeti is to a human what a human is to a chimpanzee,
nay a dog, nay a flea, a very flea. The Bigfoots and Abominable Snowmen, so called, seen by
tourists in wilderness areas are modern remnants of those Yeti who ascended the few last years

of the world. They left behind the wandering, shamed Yetis, those who still commingle with
humans. They suddenly appear as if from thin air, walk around to see what's going on and
scare humans and fart, and then they dematerialize, leaving no evidence but a tabloid headline.
There are little pockets of them throughout the world, but they retain the Yeti superintelligence,
ability to fly, capability of invisibility, etc., so there's no way to capture them. No
human can see them.
unless they want him or her to see them.
These are the sad yetis left behind after the Ascension.
They're waiting to elevate themselves to a higher plane.
Most have moved on,
so they no longer have to appear on Earth for supplies at all.
They were around for millions of years,
but when they realized the humans were becoming a cancer,
they transmogrified to the plane next door.
They were the Nephilim of the Bible,
the patriarchs, the mighty men of yore,
giants of great stature who commingled with the daughters of men.
That's Genesis. Look it up.
They walked among the dinosaurs,
and they bred dinosaurs like we breed chihuahuas and basset hounds.
What they don't tell you in conspiracy school
is that some of these Neanderthal skeletons are recent.
That is, some date from last year.
And that Piltdown Man is not a hoax,
but a recent genetic failure that had to be hidden from the press and mainstream scientists.
These skeletons were the truth known,
would be sure proof of ongoing interbreeding between humans and yetis,
and of the savage genocide of yetinsen half-breeds by the conspiracy.
Surprisingly enough,
some of the best physical evidence of our yeti past was provided by a fundamentalist Christian,
the great scientist,
Dr. Bao,
at Creation Evidences Museum in Glen Rose, Texas.
There, in the Paluxy River,
were found gigantic hominid footprints in the same strata alongside those of dinosaurs.
Likewise, paleontologists from Dobstown have found fossilized space helmets in Malaysia
dating from the same period as the great extinction that killed the great reptiles.
The unthinkably ancient scrolls and Atlantean artifacts
being excavated,
from the caves around the Black Sea,
the Dead Sea,
the Sargasso Sea,
and the Bermuda Triangle,
all of these increase our understanding of the pre-deluge world,
which we call Antiquitum.
Ah, yes, friends,
we'll have to continue the sermon shortly,
shortly indeed,
after these brief messages.
From the other side.
Ah, yes.
I think you should go too!
Goodbye!
I'm amused when parks are caked with sounds of solid and hung of meat,
though the Parker sweat blinks from his tongue is tending to me.
I wanna join Islamic Jihad,
I just want to kill for God,
praising Allah is the life for me.
Load a car with dynamite and drive into a sitting arm without any brakes,
nothing could be better than impaling your intestines on a big rusty stake.
Pack grenades and cattle prods,
let's go out and kill for God,
I can hear Mohammed calling me!
Oh, now I think more of you subgeniuses should have that sort of attitude.
That was a little bit of Rudy Schwartz Project,
Joe Newman's Rudy Schwartz Project,
Kill for God, I can't play that whole song, it's got too many cuss words.
Uh...
And before that, some of Lonesome Cowboy Dave's show on WCSB in Cleveland,
at which...
...
...
...
...




Come on everyone, join the fun,
we've got thinking on the run,
the Earth is circled by the sun,
Creation Science Polka!
Science classes in our schools,
taught by superstitious fools,
Jerry Falwell sets the rules,
Creation Science Polka!
The universe was fabricated in six literal days,
the humans and the dinosaurs shared a condo in L.A.
Carpets and candles,
dating makes us cringe,
we're the right wing lunatic fringe,
Jesus died for our sins,
Creation Science Polka!
...
...
...
...
Metamorphosis Cranium!
Captain Captain Scorpius had a dry first born,
so he discovered a

The Bible says the Earth is only 6,000 years old.
Deny and Jesus Christ will roast your balls on burning coal.
Come on, everyone, join the fun.
Ignorance has almost won.
Get geology from a nun.
Creation science polka.
Take your children out of school.
Homestead dogma is so cruel.
Prop them up.
Watch them drool.
Creation science polka.
To many understand,
there are many things going on,
and in our consciousness,
it's hard to look at us because we think we're it.
Okay, what's going to happen to the other 6 billion people of the year 2000, or somewhere around that?
Well, first of all, a third of the planet has been ordered, executed by the AIDS virus.
It was created in a laboratory in the United States,
given to the World Health Organization by the smallpox vaccinations,
and given to the gay population by the hepatitis B study.
Okay.
That's to be used.
35 to 40% of the planet.
They're going to start a war probably within the next three months in the Middle East,
and that's going to spread to the United States and Canada.
Just to get ready, just so you know, it's what is planned for us.
By the way, they're going to have this Avianculosis program going on.

















People, a scum, you men and he sucks!
So you care about your nivet?
Ow.
Buh.
Do you think you're tough?
Snot deep in your heart.
You know you're not.
You are just like the next guy.
Buh.
You can't face it.
Just like you and the crap you spew in your high-minded tripe makes me wanna puke.
Think about you what you think about me.
I'm king of the scum because that's all I can see.
But I love you anyway.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do.
Ba-do-do-do-do awa wa-awa brigade.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Oh, just lovely.
Some Rudy Schwartz project there.
Lovely Rudy Schwartz project from his tape,
Moslem Beach Party.
People are scum.
Prior to that, some sort of talk show tape
that Nick Nolan sent us from Canada
about the war on AIDS and so forth.
Ranting there from the...
the new Revelation X book,
which I'm the only one who has a copy of it,
and I don't even have all of it yet.
With music in the background.
A lot of that...
Some of that music was Doctors for Bob
from instrumentals they did for the Arise video,
and some of it is St. Jay Condom
doing instrumentals
and miscellaneous.
There was that Fruit of the Illuminati,
commercial is, of course,
by Brain Rot Theatre
up in Cleveland,
and, uh...
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yes, we will be talking about the, uh...
the history of the Yetis.
It's, uh...
Now, some may consider this dry,
scientific or rather, uh...
religious philosophy,
but that's not really...
I mean...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
But you see, the most compelling evidence
for the glory,
the glory that was antiquitum,
is the Great Road.
Now, this is something you won't be hearing about
in controlled media, friends,
but seismic radar techniques
have recently revealed
so far beneath the planet's surface
that continental drift didn't even affect it.
A globe-spanning,
gigantic road,
or a ribbon around the Earth,
made of solid stone.
It's thousands of meters wide,
hundreds thick,
and it encircles the planet horizontally
around the equator
and vertically around the poles.
The mobile oil geologists who discovered this thing
originally thought it might be a tremendous wall
that had flopped over on its side
until they found the cyclopean dome,
and the traffic lights at the two intersections,
which are beneath the jungles of Equatorial Ecuador
and an ocean trench off the southern coast of Malaysia.
It was obviously constructed by a very advanced civilization
with intricately constructed interlocking joints and hinges
allowing this huge road to swell and contract
with the breathing of the Earth.
But the most astounding thing, however,
is that it preemptively,
pre-dates not only the dinosaurs,
but even the vertebrates,
and yet it seems to be inscribed over its entire length
with gigantic designs
of some weird Thulean occult significance.
As yet the seismographs reveal only tantalizing hints
of these pictures, hieroglyphs,
or whatever they are.
Was God an astronaut, friends?
No.
But Bob tells us that this structure
is part of a grid system built by the Elder Gods,
the Old Ones,
using various power centers and ley lines under the Earth
to generate power for their psychic technology.
After the Elder Gods went into self-imposed hibernation
following their dream wars,
yet another race occupied the Earth,
the Daeros,
or supersonic Nazi Hell creatures from beneath the Hollow Earth.
And under these robot demons, the Daeros,
the grid system malfunctions constantly,
causing space-time warps here and there around the planet.
Both the Daeros from the caverns beneath us,
and the UFO-riding Grays from the star Sirius,
take advantage of these space-time portals,
not only to broadcast their power,

















their insidious mind-controlled silent radio rays,
into the minds of innocent humans and subgeniuses,
but to in fact physically materialize and carry out abductions.
Now how does Bob know all this about our earthly past?
Bob is able to read the stones of the gods.
You see, the Elder Gods' grid system had terminals
at various points on the Earth's surface,
power spots,
where the Earth's etheric output was the strongest.
These terminals,
vortices,
and geomagnetic anomalies
are the sites of the great stone constructions of the past.
Mysterious gateways to the Twilight Zone,
such as the Gate of the Sun at Tiwanaku in Bolivia,
the Pyramid of Cheops at Giza,
Peru's Nazca Plain in Sasasquasuan,
Stonehenge,
Mount Shasta,
Baalbek in Lebanon,
Mount Rushmore,
Palenque of the Mayans,
Tunguska in Siberia,
the Bermuda Triangle,
Sodom and Gomorrah,
Mount Sinai.
These stones at these sites, friends,
are the calling cards of the gods,
or more accurately,
part of the data banks of the gods.
There are messages in the stones,
and Bob's mind is able to read them.
He can read them by touching his head to them.
It's hard to explain to a technologically minded person
because we're talking about the ultimate technology,
which is magic.
And these stones are what we might call massive hologram storage devices,
recorders and sensor devices,
which store nearby human soul and experience emanations
in a WOM-exist matrix by which it is,
because it is an etherically operating form of computer,
cannot be measured by our sciences.
Hence, şimdi,
knowledges,
commentaries,
infrared rays,
and今 và cũng,
invest phenomena
trong duyleme
wom
Mo secondly,
Sometimes I think they wanna play
Angel demons, who's to say
Can't scare me with their silly games
In between, space between
The special ones who wait for me
I'm not awake and I'm not asleep
In between, space between
The special ones who wait for me
Now I know your skin is green
Fly me away on shiny wings
Show me things I've never seen
Show me what the future brings
Those space things
Show me what the future brings
Laugh at counting sheep
I just want sweet dreams
Let me go to sleep
Just for you
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Laugh at counting sheep
Those space things laugh at counting sheep
I just want sweet dreams
Let me go to sleep
I used to be afraid to sleep
To wake up in some crazy dream
Now I know it's all the same
The blood won't keep and the blood won't take
The blood won't keep and the blood won't take
Oh, dear friends, a little cloaking device there
The ultimate Klingons from Berlin
The subgeniuses in Germany
Ah, friends, you know, Bob has used these focusing devices
like the great stones of the grid system
and the off-planet reflector stations
such as Phobos and Marduk, the invisible twelfth planet
between Mars and Jupiter, and the Ark of the Covenant,
Thor's hammer, and of course his pipe.
He has used these to obtain hidden knowledge
of our cosmic past and our future destiny,
knowledge which conspiracy scientists cannot or will not accept.
For instance, did you know that plate tectonics is a lie, a black lie?
There was no Gondwana land where all the continents were originally one.
What actually happens is that the land and water area of the Earth
periodically trade places.
The land masses sink deep into the ground and the oceanic areas pop up,
dumping the ocean into what had been land, and the ocean is now a place of rest.




It's like a continental seesaw, a cyclical breathing of our Earth.
It hasn't happened for many millions of years,
and it's probably due for another switchover soon.
Antiquitum, then, exactly resembled our present Earth,
only with the land masses and the seas reversed.
The huge central continent where now lies the vast Pacific Ocean,
was called Tarnatia,
and the great city-state of the Yetis was Mutantis,
the perfect, stable, climate-controlled Eden
built by the Exus as their test tube, their lab,
in which to forge the perfect first Bob,
the immortal leader of the mighty Mutantians,
and a direct descendant of the gods.
Here,
the Exus would let the Yetis flourish and farm their own lesser creations,
the humans.
You know what I really like best about Thanksgiving and Christmas?
What's that, son?
Well, the way you break down and...
You're one of us.
You know, Dad, you're a doggone human when you break down.
Am I?
Indeed.
Sure.
At times like this, I feel like I could talk to you about anything,
and you'd understand.
Yes, yes.
And at other times, you can't?
Oh, well, I guess it's only natural.
You're busy and all that.
But...
But...
Well, I do get a you're-way-over-there-and-I'm-way-over-here feeling.
I see, son.
But not today.
I-I-I-It's swell.
Uh, Jack?
Yeah?
You mentioned that you felt as though you could talk to me about anything.
Y-Yeah, sure.
Heh.
Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
Uh, n-uh, no.
N-uh, I don't think so.
Not...
Not particularly.
There isn't?
Uh, n-no.
Yes?
Yes?
Dad?
Eh?
You're a clean-minded person.
What?
I mean...
Well, I-I-I'm a smart little kid.
Uh, well, I, I try to be, but-but what gave you that idea?
Well-well, you never say anything off color and-and you never seem to notice implications
or-or get double meanings in words.
I have other things to think about.
But-but have you always been that way?
It's all right to say, keep a clean, healthy mind.
It's quite different to practice it.
Uh-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
It bothers you, son?
Well, I-I don't think I'm different from most people, but...
Well, I-I don't like it.
I-I don't want to have thoughts that would make me ashamed.


ashamed if someone found out?
Yes, yes.
Me?
Yes.
I mean, should I be able to control my mind if I want to?
Dear son, well, partner, you are now a 16, and in my book that means you are no longer
a child.
You are a man.
You will get your driver's license, and you will drive your own car down the road that
lies before us, the road of life.
It's very much like the road from Paella to San Clameron.
Somewhere along the way, you may come across an overturned orange truck or a divot in the
road, and you may not know exactly what to do or even how to do it and why.
When that happens, I advise you not to do anything.
Sit on the side of the road and eat an orange, and then, when you have finally made up your
mind, spit out the pits and do it.
If there's a mountain in the way, go through it.
I'll buy you a new car.
Sometimes you will make it, and sometimes not.
We all do.
Nobody bets 500.
Even if you do, that means you are wrong half the time.
But don't worry about it.
I know a good doctor.
So drive, son.
Drive and drive hard and drive and fast and straight.
And even though the road is lined with pratfalls, you will make it.
And although the angels hiding behind billboards may hand you a ticket, remember the man upstairs
is always looking for you.
He's got a man out for you, ready to give you a helping hand.
His name is Judge Nunez, District Court 3.
Good luck, son.
Love that.
Oh, and Mr. Jubilee, will you send a copy of that to the judge, Mr. Bendefend at Carl's
Car Leasing?
Sure.
And one to Dr. Reineck at the medicinal tar pits.
Sure.
And by the way, what are you doing for lunch?
I have to do something.
I'm going to the bar, quickly ask if you would
rent me the guy who has an old bicycle.
Very good businessknown for a million.

I've we туда tha new bicycle.
Thank you so much.

I want to go anytime.
No a wild angations.
Daddy, I wanna meet a child.
Nothing will stop them!
I'll be your boy
I'll be your boy
I'll be your boy
I'll be your boy
I'll be your boy

I'll be your boy
I'll be your boy
Come on, come on
Get to my corner
And take a side
I guess you recognize me
From the poor life of the little boy
I mean
With very nice
iPad use of experience and praise
And I always use
The safest call, waitress, man
I Tapi I.
bare a side




I swear by you
I know that in this sea
you're calling me
But if you don't
Drive me round
I completed
Just in time

Now we're getting
I'm very glad, one cloudy April day.
I'm very glad, in love we will stay.
Till our thoughts of blood and madness ease,
my rocket's flash.
I'm very glad.
Oh, the poor woman.
Well friends, what we have been listening to,
Rudy Schwartz Project from Austin, doing the music.
Creation Science Polka is from a CD.
But Coathanger Man and I Married Bob,
I think are from cassette tapes.
Salmon Dave is the name of that particular Rudy Schwartz Project tape.
Some of the background music.
The music behind the ranting was by Arnold Mathis
from his cassette Avenue of the Gods.
And you also heard some very rare old fire sign theater
from L.A. in the early 70s.
We have a lot of old fire sign theater to slowly but surely dribble out
here on the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And if you want more information about, well, the teachings of this church,
there are books.
And other things.
Tapes available.
But you'll have to write us for the free information packet.
I'm going to give you that sacred post office box number to write to.
Just address that letter to Bob at Post Office Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again,
Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise Bob!
And I'm getting out of here.
I about had it.
Well, what did you have?
What did you have?
I don't even know.
Oh, okay.
There's nothing now.
You are listening to radio station KNON 89.3, Dallas, Fort Worth, the voice of the people.



















I'm your host, Paul Wilson.
And for the next, well, two hours anyway, you'll be listening to the finest and maybe
not so fine, but at least it's entertaining, in Celtic music.
And, but first, he said, looking at the log, we have to do an announcement.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
you
