Take this gang something very very personal from the subgenius
Actually, there's something I need to tell you you're seeing someone else
Yeah, how did you is it Bob? No does Bob look like the kind of person I'd go out with
I see
Yes
Dear friends this hour of slack number one thousand one hundred and ten finds us back
from
X-Day back from Starwood back from my daughter's wedding and back from both of Mickey Defchick's weddings to Bob
And almost but not quite everything in this hour was recorded live at brushwood
Folklore Center on X-Day or at the
Starwood Festival
Such as this music in the background by five-fisted tales of Connie
Which was everybody who wanted to play on stage at X-Day on Friday night and this particular episode?
may be good for beginners because the preaching was either to the
Unsaved or by the great dr. Howell or the great Carter LeBlanc
But first to set the mood as some steps
from a recent X-Day show from WR
Atlanta and their very own Bob slack time fun house with this collage by Reverend
Susie the flu
Teleportation
People have come from the future to visit us
Using the Earth Union's time machine
We've been sent back here to warn you all we wish to change incidents that are about to take place here
Things that have caused catastrophe in the 23rd century
We came here to warn you all about your country's gloomy future
Because in the century that we come from there's no longer a Japan. Why how could that possibly be and why what's the reason for it?
You want to make an omelet you got a break some eggs?
See that the humans remain entertained
Yeah
Telling us watch friends of an evil
Don't be veal number four
Doing our sign of evil count down here's
Our things going here doesn't look so hot
We'll be broadcasting in a few minutes the mobile unit is also getting ready good. Keep it up. The world's depending on us, okay?
The one question that I heard ask more than any other the question is man going to destroy himself
Are we coming?
to the end of the world oh god no is today the fifth
is god outraged with all of this i don't know and he hears the rattling sabers and sees the
spewing rockets he sees the atomic bombs that are buried beneath the sandia mountains close
to albuquerque new mexico with enough detonating force and destructive force to completely destroy
it the entire world he sees the lethal snouts of atomic submarines that plow their way through the
waves of the mighty oceans levitians of the deep that could completely destroy mankind with just
the push of a button he sees that he sees the mighty saturn missile belching its black smoke
and flame of fire taking its cargo of flesh to the moon he sees it he also knows that madmen's
in spite of their front of civilization and intellectualism
and getting along and peaceful coexistence that have but one desire that's to destroy
and take over this entire world he sees this he knows this okay bob god's living avatar slack has
informed his spokes clerk reverend stang that's me that's all i am i just work here don't mistake me
for bob if you see me on the highway don't shoot me you know uh ask me if i wanted a drink or
something that's a good way to do it
now according to blah blah the time has come for certain dire and marvelous secrets of the church
of the subgenius to be revealed and what secret is any good if it isn't both dire and marvelous
you know that's why we're all here we're looking for the dire and the marvelous what had been
privileged and classified occult knowledge will be shared with any who are willing to uphold the fib
or faith in bob
friends have can you keep the fib going
it takes a lot of well not faith exactly
we're not teaching faith we're teaching that we're trying to give you the gift of disbelief
think if those heavens gate people had only met bob first and been a little bit disillusioned
before they went and cut off their nards and wore the nikes and took the piss
The bad pills waiting for the end of the world.
Friends, Bob predicted that the world would end July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
And by those stripes we know that we don't know what year this is!
But it sure ain't 1998 yet.
And Bob's message, in fact the reason the diehard subgeniuses gather right there,
right outside this building every July 5th at god-awful time of 7 in the morning,
is to prove that we really know that the end could come any second.
A big asteroid could just flop down upon all of us.
They never see them coming.
They only see them after the near miss has just happened.
They don't even make the papers most of the time.
But you know, time could be up any second.
Are you ready to meet Bob?
Now if you happen,
you need to have that subgenius membership card in your pocket,
the one that makes you an ordained minister,
so that you could perform marriages just like I do.
And if those aren't real marriages, a lot of money's been wasted on divorces, friends.
If you have that membership card in your pocket for sale over there for 30 bucks,
with that huge beautiful packet of important-looking documents,
you'll be lifted up by the aliens when they come to destroy you.
And you'll be the one to destroy the world.
And we call it the rupture, the time of the rupture,
when the faithful will be brought up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
We're not talking about these little pathetic sexless greys
that have to eat by painting food on their stomach.
They don't even have teeth! They don't have hair!
From what I've heard, sex with those things is not worth it.
That is the future.
Those greys, those kinds of aliens,
those are ourselves in the future if the conspiracy wins.
If Bob's people win,
ourselves in the future will look just like the Bigfoot,
only even more colorful.
And weird-looking.
You know, we're trying to hold on to that sweaty grunting and hunting
and, you know, the rock chips.
Being if you have to get off, you know.
That's close to drumming, whatever.
We're into that primate stuff.
The true subgeniuses are the descendants of the Yeti,
Bigfoots that raped humans.
The humans were actually invented by the super-intelligent Bigfeet of Mutantis
80 million years ago as lab rats.
And they got loose.
And that explains a lot, doesn't it?
Uh, so...
Bot, bot, bot, bot.
Certainly, I went to Princeton with Bot.
You see, Bot, you see, Bot.
I don't know what Bot's politics are exactly.
He's never told me how he voted.
Bot, love apple, sinister reputation of this rich, round, red, pompous mass.
Highly excited, love apple.
Are you there?
BS takes you back 129 years to an amusing but significant moment
in the unceasing struggle against ignorance and superstition.
There.
You are.
You are there, Bot.
Just who is this man?
He's a much-travelled man.
The largest and most attractive love apple.
Johnson, eat one.
The things people will do these days just to get attention.
Bot, got a wide grin on his face.
Love apple.
Biggest surprise of my life.
Big man.
You see this love apple?
Yes.
Bot, ain't no ordinary man.
He's got the constitution of a horse.
He's a big man.
He's a big man.
He knows what he's doing.
He's quite a character, you know.
Really?
Oh, yes.
Most amusing man.
Very eccentric.
Oh, I tell you, the man is incredible.
There's simply no telling what he'll do next.
But whatever it is, it'll be gay.
That's it.
Johnson.
Large, rough-skinned, misshapen growth.
Coarse, hairy, scraggly, ill-smelling.
It yields no nourishment, of course, to the body.
Very good, that you cared, man.
I like to hear him talk.
They call me crazy.
I have conspired to cause you to congregate here.
I'm going to eat one right now.
He has raised the love apple to his lips.
He's bitten into it.
He's eating it with evident relish.
He's taken another bite.
Again, he's biting into the love apple.
And the fight against ignorance and superstition goes on.
First course, small cubes of a sandwich.
Next, the main dish.
And our suggestion is white floating swan soap.
Now, a grand salad.
Press two halves of a Boy Scout together with a tasty center filling of nicotine.
And for dessert, cigarette pie served with fiberglass insulation for a new high in appetizing goodness.
And you'll find dozens of other exciting ways to surprise your family with this nourishing, wholesome food.
Oh, and the weirdest one of all.
What is Bob smoking?
This is always the big surprise for me.
I have to come up with one.
Six months before the event, they ask for a description of my workshop.
And I have to come up with one real quick.
And then I completely forget what it is until the workshop starts.
So, yeah, what is Bob smoking?
The enigma explained.
The tomb opened.
The zip lock unsealed.
And it promises.
Well, friends, actually, the question is not what is Bob smoking, but what isn't Bob smoking?
And in fact, I'm going to tell you this.
In fact, I could just do the entire workshop just explaining the sentences in the workshop description.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack.
Well, that's old pipe face there.
That's the way he looks to me a lot of the time.
And people are always asking us, I read that book of yours.
Now, what were you guys smoking?
Now, come on.
What were you on?
Friends, with the faith in Bob, you don't need false drugs.
Bob is the drug, friends.
Bob is drugs.
Bob is sex.
Bob is money.
And with Bob, you don't need sex, drugs, or money, although they help you appreciate Bob that much more, I suppose.
Well, really, the living avatar of Slack, well, we know he's alive because as Bob does, he's alive.

And Bob said, the Buddha also said this, if you see me on the highway, kill me.
And we did that.
Every time Bob showed up, we, some fundamentalist subgenius would pull a gun out and shoot him.
And that's why you don't see him up here preaching anymore.
But like a cartoon character, he always comes back with just a Band-Aid on.
You can blow him up.
And yet, there he is again.
He's like the ever-recycling savior.
You've probably heard of those.
There's a lot of them around, I guess.
They're handy that way.
So he is the living avatar of Slack.
What is Slack, friends?
Only you know what your Slack is.
The conspiracy, oh, every little branch of the conspiracy, every mini-conspiracy within the overall conspiracy of the normal people,
which is the conspiracy we're talking about.
And I'm afraid of that.
I'm afraid it's even inside most of you.
Because it's, you know, what is normal anyway?
Out here, the weirdo is the guy in the business suit trying to sell encyclopedias.
It's all relative and, but there's not, this moral relativity is a bunch of hogwash.
There is a solid line where you can decide,
where good and bad, warm and cold and hot, or cold and hot, rich and poor start.
And that line is Bob.
You can zero your meter on that man Bob.
Because he's a mystery.
And that way you don't really have anything to compare your own misery or happiness with.
You're just going to have to interpret it for yourself.
And figure out what gives you Slack.
As I said, one part of the, I guess the Reynolds Tobacco Company and Miller Beer and so forth,
their idea of Slack is when you're, when boy, you're at the party with all your buds.
And your team just won the game.
And you're drinking that whatever product.
And you're good looking and rich.
And well, at least you have a good job that you're dutiful at.
And you know, other people's idea of Slack is,
well that's stupid man.
Real Slack is just smoking dope and watching TV all day dude.
And that may be Slack for you.
For some of us, Slack is working at what we most like to work on.
Until we drop.
And in fact we,
our friend Reverend Allie said she had worked, she had been volunteer labor on Starwood for so long.
No it wasn't Allie, it was Baz Otherwise.
Reverend Baz Otherwise said she had been up all night long.
But, and was completely,
completely,
sunk on lack of sleep.
And that's the greatest drug for, well it's the second greatest drug to sleep.
Sleep is the greatest drug.
And anti-sleep is the next best one.
Because you can come down from it by sleeping.
And it doesn't really hurt you that much.
Rationalization is more important than food.
Because you can go for as long as several days without eating.
But you can't
do this with rationalization.
Because every single minute of every single day,
you spend your time justifying your actions,
either to yourself or to someone else.
Or you spend it justifying someone else's actions to yourself or someone else.
There exist only two varieties of individual that carry the capability to willfully suspend this perpetual,
perpetual need for self-justification.
Those two individuals are the psychopath and the overman.
And be mindful that the distinction between those two and the rest of the human race
has nothing to do with the achievements of the psychopath or the overman,
but rather with the deficiencies on a planetary level and on a species-wide level
as far as homo sapiens sapiens is concerned.
Because this, this is the thing.
Every single morning from the minute you get up until the minute you go to bed,
you are lying to yourself.
Your mind and your body and your soul are at such odds as to their perception
that it is necessary to lie to every single person.
Every single aspect of your own existence simply to go about it.
Gurdjieff said the only way any human being can make any sort of progress on their own spiritual being
is by refusing to lie to themselves.
That's right.
He said the first step is getting up, looking yourself in the eye and saying,
today I'm not going to lie to myself.
All day.
This is of course a lie,
but it should be remembered that there is a second order of removal.
If you can't not lie to yourself,
at least don't lie to yourself about lying to yourself.
This is what we call pulling the wool over your own eyes.
Now,
I've had to revise the rant that I intended to give at X Day 10.
It was,
it was,
it was actually not too far removed from the rant I did last year about aliens and sex and reproduction and evolutionary destiny.
But look,
let's,
let's not talk about aliens right now.
Let's talk about something else.
Let's talk about the C.O.N.
The Conspiracy of Normals.
The Con.
Let's talk about the things that affect you every single day.
And what is it that we,
the sub-genii,
can do about that?
Because when it comes to fighting the conspiracy,
it's a lot like standing in front of tanks in Tiananmen Square.
It looks good on paper,
but the outcome tends to be messy.
But that is not even the point.
The point is that the conspiracy is stealing your slack every single moment of every single day.
And you are spending those same moments of those same days lying to yourself about it.
So what you have to do is,
when you get up,
you have to set yourself to the work of the sub-genius.
And that is a three-fold work.
First, you gotta get your own slack back.
Then you gotta get some slack for your friends.
And then you gotta make sure you got some slack for the rest of the yetizens.
The rest of the sub-genius world is in desperate need of slack.
And if you don't get it for yourself,
you can't get it for them.
And the thing about getting your slack back from the conspiracy is that it's gonna be some of the hardest work you have ever done.
That's right, I've said it before,
you can't get slack just by slacking off.
Rescuing your slack from the conspiracy is like rescuing a baby from a pit bull.
It's ugly work, it's hard work, it's bloody work.
And you better make sure once you get the baby from that pit bull,
the pit bull doesn't turn on you.
Because the conspiracy does not like to relinquish slack.
They don't even know why they have to.

Or what to do with it.
They sure as hell don't want you taking it from them.
And let me tell you, you're gonna take it from them.
And how are you gonna take it from them?
Well that's what I'm here to talk to you about right now.
That's right, I'm talking about making war on the conspiracy.
Marching into battle.
Pitched battle against the conspiracy of normals that seeks to discredit and disavow your true yetis.
Your yeti nature.
How does one do that?
How?
How do you march into war against a many-headed, amoeboid, hydra, endlessly cycling vortex of suck and oppression
that is the conspiracy.
Something that has no center.
Something that has no organs that you can pierce.
It has no arms that you can sever.
It is amorphous and non-corporeal.
It is clouds without water.
It is coffee without caffeine.
It is a million eyes and no head.
It is beer without alcohol.
It is tits without ass.
So how can we battle this?
How can we fight against the conspiracy?
We can't use normal weapons.
Of course not.
Because they have all the normal weapons.
They make all the normal weapons.
And they sell the crappy ones to us.
And they keep the good ones for themselves.
Just in case we get any ideas about funny things to do with the crappy ones.
If there's a weapon you can get your hands on, you can be damn sure it's not going to be a threat to the conspiracy.
So don't think just because you've got a trap door with an RPG and some plastic guns, that you can't do anything about it.
And you've got a lot of explosives hidden somewhere, that you're going to actually have any success fighting the conspiracy.
Because those weapons are conspiracy weapons.
You cannot fight the conspiracy with conspiracy weapons.
Okay.
You say, okay Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
You sure talk a nice game.
So we can't fight the conspiracy with conspiracy weapons.
We get it.
So what do we use to fight the conspiracy?
We have two weapons.
Mockery and perversion.
Mockery and perversion are the twin swords in the subgenius scabbard.
And every subgenius should be able to wield them both.
Singly or as a pair.
For both mockery and perversion can be used to defend or attack.
You can use mockery to pierce the heart of your enemy.
Even when he has none.
And you can also use mockery to defend yourself against the onslaught of the enemy.
By diminishing and reducing his attack to nothing.
To nothing that can affect you.
And in the same way, perversion can be used to decimate your enemy.
To defame your enemy's defenses.
By exploiting weaknesses in his cultural assumptions.
But it can also be a tool of defense.
Perversion can be a shield and a source of strength.
When the grindstone is wearing you down.
Perversion is the key to lateral thinking.
But heed this warning.
Choose your perversion well.
Or you will hand the tools for your own destruction over unto the people who seek your destruction.
Now, I'll get back to mockery in just a moment.
But let me just talk about perversion.
Let me explain to you why perversion is such a valuable tool.
Particularly in this, the digital age.
It's simple really.
The reason why perversion is so valuable.
The reason why perversion is so important in this day and age.
Is because everyone is a pervert.
Man.
Everybody's.
Got a closet.
And everybody's skeletons look a little bit different.
If you don't care who sees your skeletons.
You have power over all the people that care.
I'm not just talking about sexual perversion.
Perversion applies to emotions that have nothing at all to do with sex.
And perversion can apply those emotions to sex.
Perversion is useful because if you are comfortable with manifold forms of perversion.
And your opponent is not.
Your opponent is off balance.
And if your opponent is off balance.
It is easier to strike at your opponent.
Weirdness generates the fall.

The fog of war.
Weirdness ensures that your enemy has no idea what to do next.
And perversity is weirdness writ large.
Weirdness has its own section in the bookstore.
Perversity has its own section in the bookstore.
And it has to have its own bookstores.
Weirdness can be dismissed as eccentricity.
Perversity.
Perversity permits no such thing.
So there's perversion.
Now.
On to mockery.
Now there's a.
Uh.
There's an essay.
A little short couple paragraph thing I threw together that ended up in the Bobby Arkholtman
new subgenius book on why we mock.
And it's sort of an incomplete thought.
It's decent.
I'll stand behind it.
But the thing about mockery is mockery is such an important tool.
It's particularly a tool of the disenfranchised.
If you look through history.
People who have been disempowered.
Or never were empowered.
Inevitably.
Fall back on mockery.
When do we learn mockery?
I think we learn mockery very young.
I think it begins when you're placed in a position of subordination.
To an authority figure that you do not respect.
Usually kindergarten.
Maybe a little earlier if you're ornery.
Maybe a little later if you're stupid.
But frankly.
When somebody that's not your parents.
Is telling you what to do like your parents do.
Well.
You can't do much about it.
But you can sure as hell make fun of them.
And let me tell you.
We all know.
Nothing pisses.
A teacher can't piss.








Teacher off.
More than mockery.
Because mockery.
Mockery is a challenge to authority.
That demands.
No actual substantive rebuttal.
The best rebuttal you can come up with to mockery.
Is more mockery and teachers aren't allowed to mock their students.
Because mockery is.

Teachers can punish their students, but all that does is make them look like thugs.
Because every other student knows it's completely unfair what the teacher did when the student was just making fun of them.
This applies to governments as well.
You make fun of the president, he can't do anything to you.
Of course in this day and age, that's about as easy as dynamiting fish in a barrel.
But really biting, incisive mockery, I mean something that goes beyond the you're stupid, you're ugly, you smell funny.
Oh, if mockery is done well, it is a beautiful and devastating weapon.
Particularly when it is driven by a gun.
When it is driven home with a force derived from absolute undeniable truth.
Or conversely irrefutable falsehood.
Well, that's pretty much all I have to say at this point.
Mockery and perversion.
Let those be our weapons.
Let us use them well.
This is Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Praise Bob.
Hail Connie.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Don't let the bastards drag you down.
And if you do, drag them down with you.
Their joy completely believing in publishableawan.com


Superman.
Superman.
You're all in bad shape.
You're right.
Oh, Superman.
No.
Meanwhile, Superman capsized.
Unaware, Superman continues his search of the area.
Where can they be?
I must find them.
I must.
Now that Superman has gone into action,
there's excitement ahead in this mysterious story.
Smith, the next episode.
And remember, for breakfast,
it's the adventures of Superman.
Superman is the copyrighted feature
appearing in Superman comic magazines
and is brought to you Monday through Friday
by Bob.
Superman by Lee Murr
and before that, Reverend Carter LeBlanc,
who will be with Priestess Pisces
and yours truly and the amino acids.
At a Baltimore revival in an old church
on November 10th,
10 days before the Amsterdam Frop Cup,
which will feature preaching by Dr. Howell
and we, I, Stag.
Before Carter, we heard some preaching
from Starwood 27,
revival collages by Reverend Norrell Preff
and also Fernanda Nande Lee Murr,
some background music by,
well, what we're hearing now,
is by Five-Fisted Tales of Connie
and soon, Dr. Howell at X-Day
with Gorillas and Dreams.
But first, this news.
What time?
Where are we at on time?
Two hours to go.
5.20?
That's all?
6.20.
I was thinking, man, we're going backwards.
6.20.
So it's almost time for the Q&A.
Oh, I should...
Here's something else we learned.
Oh, no, here's another miracle.
Another miracle and this is no crap.
We've been selling ordainments
in Subgenius and Universal Life Church.
Kind of go hand in hand,
just in case the cops don't believe the subgenius part.
We've been selling these ordainments for a long time,
but as far as I know, Bob himself never...
He wasn't going to spend 30 bucks on his own thing.
But we got a membership order
just before we came here
from Robert Dobbs
in...
Carolina.
Now, it didn't say J.R. Bob Dobbs,
so I know it's not THE Bob.
It's just A Bob.
But if you see him,
you know what to do.
Poor guy.
I really feel sorry for him.
Now, later on, when we get a quorum here,
we're going to ask you about
the gorillas and demons in your life.
Something that every subgenius should be glad
to put down in black and white.
So we've created a gorilla and demon form,
which we're going to be passing out
and asking you to describe your own
personal, hideously embarrassing,
and just plain hideous gorillas and demons.
But not yet, because we have,
plenty more in our broadcast
before we get to that point.
Eh, Reverend Stang?
Yeah, I might mention that that flyer
about the gorillas and demons
originated in an elementary school.
Oh, yes, it was meant to
warp the minds of little kids,
but we have our own uses for it out here.
There's a subgenius who found it,
happens to work at a Kinko's.
Now, I'm just encouraging...
Well, maybe I should read that
when they're...
Oh, you've got some.
You can read already.
This is an example of gorilla and demon submission
that we have, and we're now going to read.
Yeah, it has a place where you can,
where the little boy or girl can fill out
the information.
Whether they're a gorilla or a demon or both.
Well, in this case...
And what does it say?
We need somebody to pass these out.
Well, I thought we would wait
until we got a bigger crowd,
but maybe we should pass them out.
Is there anyone who would like to come up?
And pass out our gorilla and demon forms.
I thought you said pass out.
No, no.
We want you to pass these forms out,
and as far as pens to fill out the blanks,
you can use the colored pens
at the foot of the whiteboard
if you don't happen to have a pen.
And participate in our survey
as to what comprises your personal gorilla
and or demon.
Or perhaps both.
Think carefully and choose your words wisely.
I...
I've managed to fit mine perfectly
into the space provided.
Well, let's hear it.
Without cramming.
See, we do not ask others to go
where we do not go.
Stang will now describe for you
his own personal gorillas and demons.
This is my confession,
you might say.
Michael Alcandor is a mean man,
and he said I'm a bad, satanic Jew mason,
and that at X-Day,
I mind-control all the people
and make them stay out
in filthy tents
while I stay in the big house counting money.
And that made me feel bad because it's true.
The king was in the counting house
counting all his money.
Now, there was a second...
That was what the gorilla said.
Michael Alcandor was my gorilla.
Okay, let's hear the demon now.
The gorilla was good,
but now we're going to hear the demon of Reverend Stang.
Doc Frop is a mean man
because he gave me cookies
and said they were good,
and I ate them, and they were bad.
And he said, ha-ha, I laid my balls on them.
So you see how it works, folks.
You put down your worst possible,
least noble thought on these blanks,
and then later on, we'll all have a lot of fun
by reading it out loud in front of everybody.
It's all part of our concept of subgenius therapy,
which you'll see more of later in our program.
I don't care, you don't care.
That's subgenius therapy.
Yeah.
And we'll hang these up.
It's called resilient therapy, stoic,
like coating yourself with...
Yeah.
...a spiritual styrofoam.
Now, at one point, I thought of setting up
a confession booth up here that would be public.
Oh, I don't think that would...
Well, maybe I...
Well, the thing is,
I realized it had been done before many times.
Yes, by Chick and John, among others.
Well, no, in subgenius land,
Reverend Nikki has traditionally dressed up
in a S&M nun outfit and had people...
And slavering subgeniuses fought to confess to her.
Yeah, they come up here and they would confess.
And it was usually things like,
oh, I have a job,
as if that was some terrible sin.
We understand.
We all know that we all have to have jobs.
I have to have a job for Bob.
I can't quit my job and slack off.
And my job, of course, is avoiding having a job,
which occupies all my time.
That's full time. Yeah.
Either eternal work or eternal vacation,
depending on how you look at it.
Oh.
Well, ladies and gentlemen,
as we go along,
we're going to explore some of the inner things of subgenius.
You'll be drawn into the deeper things of Bob.
Just keep listening as we make these historic recordings.
Well, they know they can just download this stuff later.
Well, of course they can.
I mean, talking to the people...
In an air-conditioned spot.
...who are listening to the recordings.
You know, we're not speaking to people present,
but to future generations.
Well, it looks like Modemak has an announcement.
Oh.
He's just got a...
He's just making sure we know where the bull horn is.
Yes, the biggest bull horn of the woods.
Is that an ear trumpet?
I could use that.
I could take off these headphones.
Nay, that is a celestial trumpet
as blown when the wakeful trump of doom shall...
Senator Speck has brought Gabriel's horn.
This is what we were missing at 7 a.m., apparently.
Well, with Modemak, who needed...
You see that, sir?
...a solid horn sound?
Yes, I wonder if that would make sense.
Wouldn't it be a little better with those?



First, it is the end of the rice.


...you know how long he's got?
...forget往khas.
No munchhyun.

Well, that's why reflected that there are massive
generated Uniw chia.
The thing is, the only kind I ever talked about
and second is a rather useful
щagóum called the...
A bird, so...
Now, let's see.
Did we have some sort of a roster of slack appreciation scheduled?
A roster of slack appreciation?
Certainly.
Well, that's the schedule for this, which says that at 4 o'clock,
the beer and liquid frop and so forth tasting.
Yes, joy shall be unconfined.
That's the most important event of probably all X days since the saucers didn't get here.
We will rejoice in communion in the free fall of sin.
We can put ourselves to sleep and dull the pain of remaining behind on earth.
As we remember what Dr. Johnson said,
that a man acts like a beast to escape the pain of being a man.
That was also quoted without credits in the movie Cafe Flesh.
That wonderful pornographic science fiction,
epic about mutant sex.
That helped my marriage at one point.
Oh, it's a fine film, educational.
It should be shown in schools, churches,
all places where free-thinking people gather.
Yeah, actually, I wonder if I have a copy of it with me.
You can project it right now.
Then you can shut up.
Actually, I should turn on the friends, radio listeners, what you're missing.
You can't see the video portion of our program.
But that was...
In that respect, it's like the puzzling evidence show
where they watch a television show that you can't see.
Well, sometimes we watch television
and sometimes they say the television watches us.
We have the first of the gorillas and demons papers.
Shall we immediately share it with our audience?
Very well.
First, the gorilla of this bald subgenius.
My gorilla likes to try and destroy
American Tourister brand luggage.
Oh, we all remember that commercial, friends,
with the ape leaping up and down on top of the suitcase
and unable to put even a dent in this fine American manufactured...
In this case, I believe that the subgenius who turned in that paper,
Reverend Skull, is the gorilla that does that to the luggage.
Now, the demon has something different to offer.
He says,
I am strong.
He's saying myっck is a little more first,


In fact, that's true.
But he seems to think that per little head,
the gorilla had their hand up high before heightening,
the gorilla had their hand up high before heightening,
and the demon had their hands down early,

Right now, this will be deposited in our special file.
The World Bulletin Board will have all these confessions on it.
Hey, the Swag Shack is now open.
That's right.
You can toddle on over to the Subgenius Swag Shack over by the pool,
and there, under the watchful beady eyes of Modemak,
select whatever subgenius treasures are left
after the frenzied fistfights between Doc Frop and Seafoo.
Reverend Seafoo.
Seafoo, yes, over the subgenius tchotchkes.
But there still are some there,
and you wouldn't want to retreat ignominiously from Brushwood
without your own monogrammed Bob Mushtash cup or earwax remover.
Condoms.
Yes, condoms.
We've still got a few of the Bob and Connie-doms over there.
Now we've received another.
Another.
Another gorilla and demon form.
From Senator Speck this time.
Well, he even identified himself.
We allow the pleasures of anonymity,
but we're exceptionally gratified if you choose to tell us who you are.
Well, this gorilla says,
One time I ate some bad snake, and I got very sick.
Bad snake.
Wow.
Well, you know, chimpanzees do eat small pieces of meat,
and so perhaps even the forest giants.
The gorillas occasionally indulge in a little snake snack.
Good God.
The demon, on the other hand, says,
The voices in my head tell me to bake cookies for strangers.
Yeah, well, I wouldn't want to eat those cookies.
Thanks a lot.
That's the second form that we've received of the gorilla and demon fill out.
I don't know if there are any more forms available,
but if anyone wants to share
his or her own gorilla and demon...
I bet we get a devil one from Doc Frop that says,
The voices in my head tell me to lay my balls on cookies for strangers.
That might happen if he chose to be so naked, open, and revealing
in describing his gorillas and demons.
We have trouble making him stop.
But the thing is, you have trouble making him stop acting,
not reflecting on it or revealing it.
This is a different process.
We're not actually...
We're not actually performing these things here.
We're simply talking about them or, if you will, gloating over them.
So we're waiting for the rest of them to come on up.
And while we do, we're continuing to record for future hours of slack.
Oh, here come...
An anonymous one.
All right, let's check it out.
Shall I do this one?
Sure, go ahead.
The Gorillas and Demons in Your Life by Anonymous.
First, the gorilla, our simian friend.
And so the inner gorilla.
Now, the inner demon.
Clams, you cannot.
Less than.
Less than.
Eat yourself.
Yes, run out of money.
clams, old people, soup, catheters, catheters.
So these are what the gorillas and demons in the head of this sad little boy say constantly.
Nothing could be more healthful than bringing this out in the open,
in this therapeutic environment where we can all relax in the divine benevolence of slack
by laughing at you.
So continue to fill them out and send them on up.
Friends, as Bob said, I'd rather have the right people laughing at me
than the wrong people laughing with me.
Yes, an important distinction.
Those are the blank forms, are they not, Princess Wee?
Yes, if you wish to fill out a gorilla and demon form,
they're right here at the base of the table.
We have another one, and I believe it's your turn to channel it, Reverend Stagg.
Oh, this one's credited by reverence.
Saint Reverend Alex.
That's very good, and he is a saint to identify his gorilla and demon for us all.
You think you have problems?
My skin is crawling with parasites.
Shades of pea bear.
And the demon on the other hand, yeah, that's might gorilla.
The pea demon on the other hand says,
Garg, John Milton never wrote a poem about me.
Oh, that's not true.
You'd be surprised.
I might recite it, but it would take a long time.
Yeah, Dr. Howe can recite a poem about dang near anything,
even if he has to make it up on the spot.
That's the training that we get in Dobbstown.
If you can't come up with the song or poem on the spot,
Bob takes away your slack.
Yes.
Until you somehow transcend the panic enough to, once again,
let your creativity go.
Let your creativity flow.
Believe me, it's not easy.
Naughty kitty.
Naughty kitty.
Naughty kitty.

Naughty kitty.











bEEEEEEEEE
j premiers
As i did

In the beginning

What's the point?
These are useless questions you're going to have to answer.



That's it!

My�
subtitles
end



Naughty Kitty.
Naughty Kitty.
Naughty Kitty by the Chuck Hestons.
And now back to Starwood.
Yeah.
I was kind of a natural partner from Texas.
Do you have an accent?
My partner from Texas?
What?
Well, Philo Drummond was my original partner.
You're talking about Jesus.
Jesus?
No, Jesus is from Youngstown.
He sounds like a mafia guy.
Jesus.
Jesus?
No, no, no.
There's a lot of guys, but it's just a common name.
It's like Bob.
It's not magic every time somebody's named Bob.
I want you all to understand that.
It is the most common name in the English language.
There's always this moment when you become a subgenius at first.
It's like, oh, my God, I met three people named Bob today.
Man, something's happening.
There must be something to it, dude.
Maybe they're right.
I better go ahead and max out my credit cards and wait for the saucers.
No need to go overboard.
There's such a thing as a coincidence.
Believe it or not.
I mean, I know that sounds crazy, mad, and superstitious.
But really, there are superstitions.
There are such things as just simple coincidences.
They're more magical that way when there's nothing magical about them.
Because they happen by accident.
That's even more astounding.
There's no intelligent design at all.
God knows if Bob's running things, it would have to be a connect the dots design.
What else?
Anything else?
My main thing is selling.
Okay, one more.
What's Bob's take on the third eye, the second mouth, and the second ear?


The second ear and the second anus.
The third eye, the second mouth, and the second anus?
You'd have to take that one to Bob.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, whatever you said, praise fucking Bob.
Whatever that guy said, praise Bob.
Whatever anybody says anywhere, praise Bob.
Even if Bob kills us all and steals from us, praise Bob.
Ours is not that.
Wonder why?
That's what religion's all about.
You don't think about it.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
That messes it up.
Then it starts making sense.
That ruins everything.
You just got to believe.
Keep up the faith in Bob.
Keep the FIB going.
Irrationalize the hell out of it.
Bob understands, I see.
No, was one question up here?
No, Bob understands.
All right.
Friends, I've about had it.
What time is it?
Quarter of six?
Quarter of seven, I mean.
Yeah, that means it's time for me to fly and you to buy, baby.
Because we've got the new subgenius book, the Bobliographer.
And I know you all have Book of the Subgenius from the 80s.
I know you've all got a dog-eared, well-worn, pages-stuck-together copy
of Revelation X in your bathroom.
But do you have the subgenius book?
Do you have the subgenius cyclopedia of Slack?
The Bobliographer, the brand-new one.
No reprints from this, well, just last year I read the sneak previews and glued pages
from it all over the camp last year.
It is here and I've got lots of copies and I think it's only $18 or something like that.
You can color the pictures.
It's got thousands of pictures.
We know our audience.
And they're black and white and you can color them.
So I think that's about it.
It's not Frank Barney's birthday today anymore, is it?
Or your mom's birthday?
That was yesterday.
Well, belated happy birthday to Frank Barney and the queen mom of outer space.
And anybody else's birthday it is now or later.
Happy birthday.
And praise Bob.
You're all ministers now.
Dominie, dominie, dominie.
You're all Catholics now.
I'll hire our fire sign theater crew.
Thank you very much.
See you on the flip side.
What kind of radio show is this?
This has been a test of the subgenius early warning system.
This was only a test.
If it had actually been our sweet prophecy next day Armageddon, you would have been advised to tune to JR Bob Dobbs for help by sending out a quick letter to the subgenius foundation at P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or check out the website for more detailed nude information.
www.subgenius.com
And you had better do it fast, seekers, because July 5th is zooming up on us for yet another drunken chicken run with apocalyptic destiny.
And you know I got a feeling in my bones and yours that this is the year that, yes, it's all gonna burn.
Yes, this is it.
And the good news gossip.
The gospel of this ministry is that you can buy your way onto the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Yes.
Oh, but you gotta have the right stuff, seekers.
You gotta have that subgenius membership card in hand when you're standing in that line for the pleasure saucers.
Even if you're only booked for a sky kennel in the cargo hold.
So don't say you weren't warned.
And you've had the privilege of being a part of the P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And you've had the privilege of getting an advance tip off of things to come.
See you on the saucer, seekers.
Boy, you're hotter than a firecracker on the 5th of July.
Oh, yeah.
www.subgenius.com




www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
You are adorable.
I would like to.
Come on, shake your body.
Come on, shake your body.
Everybody, everybody, everybody, shake your body.
Come on, get up and move.
Come on, get up and move.
And shake your ass to this slap-roll groove.
Come on, shake your body.
Come on, shake your body.
Come on, shake your body.
Everybody, everybody, everybody, shake your body.
Praise be to Priestess Pisces, Reverend Vailor Trucks, and Reverend Angry Larry and others
in Five-Fisted Tales of Connie.
Thank you.
But now for the Internet listeners of the Internet.







own friends.
This is the kind of thing we don't
allow the regular radio
station copies to have
on it.
We're going to play the
really rude and foul
rant from 10X
Day by the good
Reverend Jimbo
who I think had just come back
from Iraq.
Reverend Jimbo.
You know everybody, it's been a little
while, not too long since the last
time I was here.
Not up on stage, of course.
And, you know,
I've spent a lot of time in
the pinkest parts of the earth.
I mean the very, very
pinkest where
where spirit
and soul and slack just mean nothing
to people. But I'm
here to tell you that
slack exists in those places.
You can do it.
I mean I did it.
And I've considered myself
one of the pinkest people here.
But I did it.
And you can do it too.
All it takes
is
it takes
a certain single-mindedness
at times to just
break through the barriers
and realize that you have
more slack now.
than you probably will tomorrow.
Unless,
unless,
unless you realize it.
And appreciate it.
When you, uh,
all you really got to do is just
grab life by the neck
and then throttle it
until it's,
until it's just, you know,
dead, dead, dead.
And, you know,
friggin'
then you rape its corpse.
You know, get your, get your kicks.
Whatever, whatever gets you off.

Well, you know, I, I've,
I've seen the living and I've seen the dead.
And the dead don't put up a fight.
So.
Exactly, exactly.
Yes.
Uh, you know,
and, you know, the warm,
moist areas
are warmer and moister.
In the early stages of decomposition.
Uh,
and you can make your own holes, even.
Fuck strange areas of the body
that you never once thought were fuckable.
Nose fucking.
Nose fucking.
Back fucking is, back fucking is easy
if you, if you have the right sized knife
and a good twist.
Um,
I, I, I have discovered on the internet,
actually, uh,
leg stump fucking.
Now, I had previously heard of
neck stump fucking.
Leg stump fucking is slightly different.
It involves amputee, amputees
and, and orifices
and what have you.
Is that anything like bug stump fucking
when you take the bug porn where they get really
like, sort of, kinda
bad, kill the bug.
Oh, it's slightly different, slightly different.
It involves two humans.
Tell us about how the worms feel on your testicles.
The worms, oh, well,
it takes a special kind of person for
that to get you off, you know.
It's, uh, exit wounds
are especially fun
because it's, well,
you know, do you like loose pussy
if you're a male or, uh,
or really tiny dicks
if you're a female? I know that's an odd one, but, uh,
the exit wound usually, you know,
it's a bit wider than the entry wound.
So, if that, if that gets you off,
that's available as well.
Um,
I don't have any more callbacks. It's a lot easier
for me to talk when you guys call back.
You got bone chips at the exit wound.
Oh, yeah, bone chips, you know, for that
little extra tickler sensation.
The, you know, you had the
French tickler before, but now it's the
Afghanistan tickler.
But does it, do you buy the corpse flowers
after you're done? Oh, not if you don't
want to. They don't really care, you know.
I mean, uh, it's nice if that, uh,
if that, you get your kicks by
acting nice to somebody who really doesn't
care, which some people do. I mean,
um, a long period of my
life was, uh, a whole story of
unrequited love, and no love is more unrequited
than with a dead person.
Um, but I've gotten into this whole necrophilia
kick here, and, uh, I mean,
I haven't, I mean, I'm going off on a tangent.
That's, that's what I meant to say. He's trying to say
he's not really a necrophiliac. Well,
not, only on weekends. But, ambiguous sound
by backup.
Ah, yes.
That's an exit wound sound. Exactly, if,
yes, yes, uh, so. So you're
not the only person who knows about this. Oh, no, definitely.
Definitely not. It's huge all over the world.
I mean, but to get
back to my original point, you know,
if you can find slack in death,
you know, then you can
find slack anywhere, Bob damn it.
Um, Bob damn it. Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Give me another one. Praise Bob.
Amen, brothers and
sisters. Well, uh, that's really
all I can think of for now, but, uh,
You said too much, brother.
Excuse me?
All right.
I'll leave this open.
