But if you can hang in to the last 50 minutes of this show, you will get slack.
You will get slack.
We don't always make that guarantee, but this time we definitely can.
We didn't even know we had the tape until we'd edited the first 40 minutes of this hour of slack, number 406.
But stay tuned, and it'll be a normal, a normal hour of slack until the 45-minute point, and then pure, undiluted audio slack.
Oh, that blowhard, why doesn't he sit down and shut up?
Oh, is this an open channel?
Well, just joking, as you know, we maintain high standards of radio standards.
We're not going to let you do whatever you want, and we're not going to let you do whatever you want.
I said hi, hi, I want to see some of those guys.
But they're so broke, I want to see them.
Why do you hate me?
Well, it doesn't matter where you let them go.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Oh, yes, it's feeling so good.
Yeah, it's feeling much better now, folks.
It's feeling so right.
Yeah.
Plenty of this.
Sex and drugs and rock and roll.
Yes.
And excess.
And love, and love.
Rock and roll and all forms of music.
Tons of caffeine.
Oh, believe me.
Tons of caffeine.
You better be having that buddy next to you and holding him tight at 10 o'clock.
Yes, yes.
Don't forget, Reverend Ivan Tseng is going to lead us down the wrong path, the path to evil.
The ones that Adam and Eve did not take.
No, no, the wrong paths entirely.
The wrong paths.
And we want you to go down all the paths possible tonight, because the more paths, the better, you know?
And what will Alvis think when he sees Bob?
And he finds he is not the king.
And he finds he is not the king.
No time.
I'll get a baz privately jammed, put a beautiful chain.
Hey.


Alvis, see there,哎, yeah, they can come at us, I'll be ready.

If I don't see you no more this year .
The Subgenius S. who's what?

departments, it is a privateises office.
What is that?
The Subgenius is our Behind the Scenes team.
I don't know what that is. There's a demon controlling...
Oh, there he is.
That's some nice music.
That's so much better. An excess of purity.
I had an excess of caffeine this afternoon, folks.
You may have noticed I was a bit jumpy earlier on.
That's because I had a bit too much caffeine.
It was really bad, and I don't know what happened.
My brain cells were exploding like spider crabs.
Oh, that's...
Well, I think I have to stop right now.
That's when I quit a Sunday morning to keep people awake.
This is the evening drive, you crazy show.
You know, you have a drive time. This is drive-you-pussy time.
This is why you tune in.
This is why you tune in to your local radio station.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I think I'm gonna visit the neighbors.
Yeah, the neighbors. I like the neighbors. They're great people.
It doesn't take a genius to understand.
It takes a sub-genius.
The dove flowed in the air.
It was blackened by the soot,
and it fell to the earth.
The dove was by another dove
that had been blackened by the soot.
Each one knew that
the other had been contaminated.
There was love.
There was hate.
It didn't matter.
Maybe I'll have some more coffee after all.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, some more coffee.
Thank you very much.
Like I was saying the other day, you know,
it's really funny because all the people that I'm talking to are so confused,
and I just can't figure out why.
I mean, God, I just don't know.
How came it that God had not struck him dead?
The leper's company of his sins closed about him,
breathing upon him,
bending over him from all sides.
Well, if everyone was pleased,
I'd have to do something to irritate somebody
just to make sure I hadn't inadvertently slipped into another dimension
for a visit with Uncle Rod.
Well, you won't be nearly as disappointed today
because all I have is burrs.
Yeah, I'll be bellyaching bitterly and making fun of people
and taking highly unpopular stands on inflammatory issues
with no real solutions in sight
and generally undermining the cherished fabric of the American way of life,
the home, the family, and most team sports.
Don't worry, it won't take up any of the precious time
for which I've already planned several hours of innuendo, rumor,
and thinly veiled character assassination,
not to mention overinflated, ill-substantiated opinions,
so don't worry, be happy.
You know my word's good because I'm the certifiable love child of Elvis and Bigfoot.
And as they say on Monty Python's Flying Circus,
I miss seeing that.
Coming up next, a donkey, two schoolboys, and a vicar
in a rousing round of pederasto, the game for the entire family.
Well, that doesn't cause people to come on with a, you know, I don't know,
somebody, I'm gonna need either a defibrillator or a sawed-off shotgun,
you know, somebody's gonna come after me for saying stuff like that.
Oh well, somebody's been after me all my life,
so it's not like I'm not used to it by now.
Hey, Max, remember that time you used to pick on me in high school?
I bet you didn't send your $20 in, did you?
We will know our exes, allies by their wings and halos,
but the normals will think of them as angels.
Most of them will want to be lifted into heaven,
fighting to get ahead in line.
We'll have to track down the clever ones, but don't worry,
we'll have plenty of backup.
Besides sophisticated killer machines,
we'll have legions of the dead at our command.
It'll be a party!
I can't, this is just too sick, man.
Yeah!
We told them and told them,
but nobody listens to the old prophet of doom
until it's too late!
They just have a big laugh and say,
oh, there'll be a lot more parking spaces after the atomic war.
But when it's all over and they see that all the parking spaces
and CD players and 24-hour pop music cable TV stations
aren't much good when you're vomiting your own intestines out,
they'll then, they'll say,
they'll come crawling back to apologize.
Well, I'm sorry, but I'm not paid nearly enough to be infallible.
That requires an executive leadership course I can't afford to take.
But it'll be too late!
For we will have long since lost our grip on the wheel of karma
and have been flung off to plummet through nirvana forever.
And all because we had the foresight to follow a few simple instructions,
just spend a few dollars and a few minutes a day.
And you'll sit there and think to yourself,
up there on that escape vessel,
you know, I can't believe there was a time
when I wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks.
You'll be sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich,
getting a scarf job from that biomorph,
watching widescreen color TV Elvis movies,
and you'll go, how?
How could I ever have wondered about that 20 bucks?
How could I ever have doubted for a second?
And think of old, poor old Bob,
Boba back on Earth.
The guy who said,
hell, send him 20 dollars?
That's just what they want you to do.
I'll pump gas for 2.38 an hour for the rest of my life
before I send a dollar to that damn church.
Oh yeah.
Hard times now for Boba.
He'll be lucky if he can find a porcupine to pork.
And just when you're wondering that,
the TV lights up and there's that shot of Boba down there
eating that rat, hiding from the death machines, going,
oh, I was so stupid, how could I have done it?
I could have been saved, but no, I didn't send him 20 dollars.
Oh, got another robo beast.
Here I am in this f-
human, strip bear skulls all over the place.
If only I could die.
But I can't.
I can't die.
Why, if only Bob was here now, I'd give him my 20 dollars.
Ha, I'd give him 40 dollars.
I'd give you everything, Bob, please.
And that just shows how much they trusted J.R. Bob Dobbs.
They didn't trust him.
Didn't trust him.
20 dollars worth.
A lot of people here don't trust Bob 20 dollars worth.
Fine, okay.
No skin off our teeth.
Pay lip service.
Wear that Bob t-shirt.
Be hip.
But when those saucers come, you're either,
as those great proto subgeniuses said,
you're either on the bus or you're off the bus.
And, you know, the dumbest nerd could get onto the bus for 20 bucks,
let's face it.
And, actually, their souls go into the little cylinders that Bob,
I mean, Bob has to have them.
He's got something to trade to the aliens.
But they should be proud that their little souls, such as they are,
at least made it possible for their betters to ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
I met Bob on highway 61
I did not know of all the things they had done
Oh, it took me by surprise
And I felt it was to hear what he had to say
He was different than from what I'm used to
His hair's clothes had a shine on his shoes
But that really didn't matter
And we traveled out together westward way
He did not know his time and place of birth
And I thought, hey, around December or around the first
Yeah, the night was dark and cold
And there was no place left in town for us to stay
The local people told him to move along
The word was written and the tension was strong
Yeah, the truth it had been written
That the West would come together someday
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
We came together in the spirit of the West
I don't care what the newspapers suggest
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
And they acted like nobody even noticed
The way they gave all of the glory to Jimmy and to Otis
Jimmy
Otis
Well, Bob still fully knew he wasn't their type
But with his love he still extended his pipe
Yes, he pointed them the way and said for them to look to him
He had a life
The crowd had just begun together there
They wanted more of what Bob had to share
Yeah, they all came together
They were looking down out of the bleachers
And Bob worked his way up high
On one of the great big speakers like some teacher
Looking down on all creatures
And as the multitude had gathered there
They could not laugh at the clothes that he did wear
Yes, it never was expected
When Bob danced around out naked up on stage
Everybody drew their hands in the air
Everybody looked but nobody stared
Yeah, they did not point a finger
Or offend their newfound leader that they praised
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
We came together in the spirit of the West
I don't care what the newspapers suggest
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
And they acted like nobody even noticed
They just gave all of the glory to Jimmy and to Otis
Jimmy and to Otis
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
Bob was a star at the Monterey Pop Fest
You used to laugh about me
Everybody that was hanging out
And now you don't, you don't talk so much
Look at you, now you don't, baby
You don't seem so proud
You don't even be proud
The 16-year old girl



this show. A little bit of your host, Reverend Ivan Stang, that's me, doing Nenslo and Papa
Joe Mama rants at Starwood just fairly recently. And then a song by John Dajon, if that really
is his name, Bob is a Star, Monterey Pop Festival. And while we were playing that song just now,
he called from New Orleans to ask a question. He was asking how to get Hour of Slack on
the radio in New Orleans. And for anyone interested in getting this show in their area, just write
to the subgenius, P.O. Box here. We'll be giving that number presently. It's
real easy and very cheap. But Will was talking to John Dajon while that song was playing,
and he never realized until he hung up that he was hearing the same voice in both ears.
There is no coincidence, except it's all coincidence. Only Bob can make a coincidence.
So, yes, there'll be some wonderful worship.
Yes, happening tonight. Dear friends, more coming up from everyone. Sorry.
Oh, this is Brain Rock Radio music in the background. Oh, I think we're ready. We're
almost tuned up.
As Menzlo said here, I have seen the new Dallas, a non-matter construct which would
be built by the exes for the use of rescued subgenii. It is a flaming white plasma city
of vast towers and broad streets where even the poorest marksman with the cheapest gun
can fire three bullseyes in two seconds. I'm going to show you a piece of music that I've


never heard before.
The towers are of infinite height and interior area, yet are thinner than a sheet of tissue
paper. I have seen the end of earthly pinks sucked into the gravity gate at the center
of Earth's interior sun to experience the infinite moment of death between the knuckles
of Jehovah One. I have seen the Earth turned inside out, the Nazi clone beasts bursting
into flame, the golden cities empty, waiting our victorious victory.
I have seen the night of suffering when all dimensions are open to this world and the
endless horde of Earth's noisy neighbors screaming and dying in an apocalyptic horror
of mutual massacre. I have seen the great inversion when time and space change places,
when space becomes directional and time becomes infinite in all directions. I have seen the
pinks stripped of their con-built armor, twisting and crackling in the inferno of Bob's Pond.
I have seen the night of suffering when all dimensions are open to this world and the endless

night of suffering. I have seen the lightning in the mountains,але the lightning will strike
and cut your eyes with its blade. All this and more I have seen, and the Book of Walter
has been opened to me. The destroyer goddess has passed her talents through my very soul
and left me unscathed. Rex has spoken to me of the birth of the Yeti race and the birth
of the virgin mother Yeti woman. I can reveal no more than this, until the time is, quote,
right.
That was Prophecy by Ninslough, friends.
Praise Ninslow!
Beware, I say to you lukewarm subgeniites, you dobshead sporting rubber stamp, dollar-mailing church members, you sickly subgenius artifact collectors, you Bob fans!
In keeping with our holy name, the cute and funny joke church by mail department of new realization tears the smirking head of alleged J.R. Bob Dobbs off the front of the head of the church of the subgenius and presents the bloody goggle-eyed skull of a new realization so simple that you could never have thought of it.
I, even I, the almighty Ninslow, bring to you the new realization you should have thought of the first time you set eyes on the vacuous, pipe-clenching grin of phony cartoon face Bob Dobbs.
Beware, be warned, and behold the great northwest church of the subgenius!
Yes!
With...
No Bob!
Hey, what is this?
For too long has the fabulous subgenius church been held spellbound by the fatuous serpentine gaze of stupid cartoon head Bob.
Only Ninslow, the chosen one, could bring to you this new realization of the great northwest church of the subgenius with no Bob.
And, simply, this cose J.R. Bob!
That is poor, poor, obnoxious, nor mature greenery.
This side of the Scripture, this one of the original goals of the white and beige schools of this country,ерwin Have side of the Compl
They, that wait seating, but fine.



Here.
Where are they?
Veterans.
Thames.
now, by accident, said the smartest thing you have ever said in your entire life.
Yes, eschew mightily that despicable fiction, that smirking personification of phoniness.
For Bob is not merely dead.
He never exists.
And I would submit that we're supporting this.
Excuse me, friends.
We had a little technical difficulty.
I didn't mean that wasn't a tape that we meant to play.
And I think we're going to cut to some music here until I can figure out what happened with my main show tape, my show master.
Oh, it's just part.
You'll love this music by Carl Stallings.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Now, I don't really claim ascendancy to the absolute throne of wisdom.
I do try to find the most fundamental common sense thread in any issue I have the nerve to take up and face the reality of it,
whether I like it or not, and admittedly, I often don't.
But unlike many, I have to let facts influence my opinion.
I think fantasy and wishful thinking make up the stuff of my beloved comic books.
And reality, on the other hand, sits there stubbornly and is unmoved by opinion or hollering,
although there's plenty of both to be had, flying around constantly.
I think the only real solution to most issues would be a complete change in human nature,
and that's not going to be happening anytime soon, as far as I know.
So, if so, I sure want a box seat, because I mostly hate human nature, even my own.
I mean, give me wild, unfettered, non-pink-type subgenius nature any day.
So, let me establish up front that I only know what some of the facts are in most situations,
and what I would like to see become the reality.
I don't really claim to have a solution to much of anything as such.
Just check out my laundry situation sometime, if you don't believe me.
And I think there are viable viewpoints in both of what are often just two camps,
although the yelling often tends to obscure them.
Holy mother!
Oh, God, it is too much!
You shall have it.
You shall have it, Connie.
You shall know the full measure of this stiffened machine end, sweet girl.
You shall wallow in an ocean of warm slack.
A proper and intangible aesthetic life.
Oh, Bob, what heavenly bliss.
Strip, Connie.
Remove everything that can interfere with our movements, which I promise you will be violent.
Enough.
Shmite this fic.
For Bob is not merely dead.
He never existed.
Oh, I know.
I know we're not supposed to admit that.
We're supposed to keep pretending that he's sort of real, but in a funny, joking sort of way,
insisting on his reality in a way that lets everyone know it's just a joke, that we don't really believe it.
Well, to heck with Bob.
Bob is dead.
There is no Bob.
Bob is just a made-up thing.
A picture of a face and nothing more.
Yes, it's truly.
Oh, no, it's not dead.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Shmite.
Okay.
Uh.
Uh.
And, uh.
It's.
Uh.
Well, the Church of the Subgenius, as always, we like to make fun of ourselves, too.
You know, that's what they sell.
Satire.
Or women.
You know?
Ice cream.
Oh, that feels good.
Oh.
Oh, that feels good.

I'm afraid of life.
I'm afraid of life.
Yeah.
I absolutely will get mad at it.
And before I know it, ugly pheromones are wrapping through my system and I'm ready to kill.
Good hello.
Did you have a nice day?
Voice and print analyzers cannot be heard in your phone.
Thoughtless caller redundancies cannot be heard in your phone.
You're a moron at your leisure time.
And toast.
And madness is merely moisture on the brain.
Game over.
You must learn how to drive.
Everything's true.
Um, uh...
Uh...
That was a wonderful little bit there by Puzzling Evidence Montage.
Those cuts, those wonderful blurs of cuts was Puzzling Evidence Materials.
Then, once again, recut here at the Hour of Slack where we just can't leave anybody's stuff well enough alone.
We have to just carve it up into little pieces that the original artists probably go,
Well, they've lost all point.
They've just cheapened it.
Well, sorry.
That was Puzzling Evidence Cuts.
And some amazing materials from Bugs on Broadway, which was a special presentation of Bugs Bunny cartoons and especially the music of Carl Stallings.
I think that was done by an orchestra.
In front of, while the cartoons were being projected, I guess that's the kind of show that was.
Complete with the sound.
And the sound effects and the greatness of Mel Blanc.
Yes.
And, uh, we did hear some, uh, once again, Hell Pope Huey, uh, the extremely disgruntled.
And he does get worse.
And I, I, I, there's something, we've seen, there's been some surprises on the show, okay, friends?
But I think we've got everything under control now.
Thank you.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, Bruddy!
Bruddly!
Bruddly!
No!
You're, you're suspicious now.
How could that be?
Oh, what is it?
Not
Interruptions from other shows.
Coming for you.
I did say go.
I feel it in gushes.
Oh, give it to me more, more.
Pour into me.
Push harder.
Do not spare me.
Oh, another gush.
Push.
Tear me if you like me.
Let me have all of your stuff.
You're just using me for sex.
And you never really love me.
You just love what I represent.
Cool, quick, nickel slick.
Bag full of tricks.
You get your kicks and I'm out the door.
Now I know the true meaning of hormones.
Exploding, loading question on top of question.
Man, do I feel cheap.
As you heat mounds and mounds of guilt.
My ego wheels tilting left, right, jammed in the middle.
Twiddle dee, twiddle dum.
Some friend you are with your own personal tar baby.
Love slave.
Got it made into slaves.
So cool you wear Ray-Bans when we do it.
Caught up in the myth.
Is it live or is it Memorex?
More sex, more sex, more sex, more sex.
You're just using me for sex, he says.
I mean, there will be.
Having sex.
And then he says it.
So we have to stop having sex so we can sit around talking about using each other for sex.
And I say, look, I am not now nor have I ever used you for sex.
Why do you think that?
What's wrong?
What's wrong with you?
What have I done?
Put your Tinkerbell spell on me now I can't see straight.
Send me date rape.
Even put me on videotape for your girlfriend to see.
Must be like the queen because it stings.
And my Eldritch Cleaver attitude mixed with your Sid Vicious mood.
Got some real crude stuff to go down.
Frowns, moan.
Didn't realize I was getting boned and sexually stoned to a pulp.
Passed a big gulp.
My throat is dry.
And why was I mesmerized by your pearl gray eyes?
Lacey white thighs.
Cries and sighs of I've lied again.
And when will you stop losing me, abusing me, confusing me, and using me for sex?
And he'll say, I'm just a poor black man in a wicked white world trying to keep my head hard.
Well, you're doing a pretty good job of that.
See, he says, you are.
You're just using me for sex.
No, I say, I'm not.
But that's the only time you aren't calling me Snow Bright.
Telling me my walk's tight.
Yeah, the only time I don't feel so completely white is when I'm having sex with you.
Nah, baby, you don't love me.
You love what I represent.
What do you represent?
I represent the antidote to your civilization.
Yeah, well, maybe you do.
But I do love you and your antidote, too.
Nah, baby, I know your game.
White people are all the same.
So finally I scream out, okay, then.
We won't have sex anymore.
We'll just sit around thinking pure thoughts.
And when that gets boring, we'll go out and argue in public and get arrested for disorderly interracial conduct
and get locked up inside a tiny, evil, foul-smelling little jail
and sit around thinking about how we used to use each other for sex, okay?
Okay, let's go to bed, yeah.
Oh, Maggie S'd up in huge voodoo, dear friend.
I'd like to watch you.
And I receive so much.
No.
Victory. Telepackaged. Outreach.
What do you expect?
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.
I don't know.
She had the problem with the muscles.
April is the coolest one.
Breeding lilacs out of the dead land.
Mixing memory and desire.
Stirring ball roots with warm, covering art juice.
He said,
What are the roots of the flesh?
Only the ghetto honored the high-motsu.
You gave me Hyattsons first a year ago.
Living, not dead.
And I knew Madame Sesostris, famous clairvoyante.
Those are pearls that were his eyes.
And this card, which is blank, fear death by water.
If you see, dear Mrs. Equitone, kept the hours of the dead sound on the final stroke of nine,
mon simple appel en frere,
un gent powder de l'eau.
Before I keep going, is there anybody who needs to make a testimonial here?
If anybody at any point feels the urgent desire to stand up and brag their sins unto the crowd,
or say what Bob has done for them, be...
I used to love invertebrates, but Bob showed me the way to find true back bone of those I desire.
I will admit it to you.
Come on up here, brother.
Come on up here, buddy.
We want to hear about it.
Come on up here.
It's true.
You got to stand there.
I used to love invertebrates, friends.
I used to lust over their little slimy bodies.
I'd see a worm on my lawn and I'd go,
Oh, boy, that's a cute little worm.
Don't step on it.
I didn't want to step on it because I want to squish it.
I want to step on it because I lusted for them invertebrates.
Yes, I found they didn't have them crunchy parts.
They can...
Slugs! Yes, slugs!
Shedding a variable.
Cascades of ecstasy over slugs.
I used to dream about slugs.
Big old slugs wearing spike heels and unknowable feet.
It was amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
And then one day, one day I was walking down the street
and I looked and I saw slugs everywhere.
I saw insects everywhere.
I saw Bob everywhere.
And he said to me,
Son, get some backbone.
Better yet, screw stuff with backbone.
Just tan this invertebrate.
Save your soul and stick within your genus and species.
By God, friends, Bob Dodds will show you the way to true
entomological screwing.
It'll save your lives.
It saved mine.
Thank you, Robert.
Thank you very much.
Nice!
Nice job!
Nice job!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Nice job!
Nice job!
Nice job!
There was no clue to her species, yet I loved her nonetheless.
Ah!
He's fucking good!
He's fucking good!
Ew!
I'm a dick, dick, dick!
And boy, this I tell you.
Oh, I know.
I know most of you will not accept this.
Most of you just can't feel comfortable in a phony joke cult with no joke to it anymore.
Most of you need something just a little bit different from all the things you mock and
despise.
The same, except for a few minor changes so that it won't be too scary and weird and unfamiliar.
Something, something with yet another martyred messiah, another is-he-alive-or-dead mystery,
even though you claim to hate all the other ones.
Yes, you need a safe, fake Jesus to yuck it up over because you aren't really sure that
the real Jeezy are as safe and fake as you wish and hope they are.
You aren't absolutely positive that you won't burn in hell for saying the wrong thing or
doing the wrong thing or going to the wrong church or wearing the wrong uniform.
So you have to keep the, keep the very tip of one toenail over the threshold of belief
just to be safe, just in case.
How disgusting.
But that's really what the stupid pipe face is for, isn't it?
To trick the weaklings into revealing themselves so the real subgeni, the true yeti and yeti-et,
will not have to waste their precious time on sorry pink bobfans.
Except to use that ugly face as a target in the last minutes before boarding time on exchange.
When we will be permitted to cut loose with our weapon of choice on all the suckers pressed up against the force field,
waving their membership cards and pointing to that face on their T-shirts as if to say,
Me! Me! Shoot me first!
Ha! This stern and manly mouth fills with a bilious tang at the thought of such stupidity.
So many fools, so little firepower.
As you can see, I get a little riled when I see
globe-spanning displays of idiocy.
Nitwicked, congratulating themselves on their intelligence for being the first to pay for the opportunity
to jump from one frying pan right into another smaller, slightly hotter one
without so much as a non-stick patina of burned-on grease.
So not only do they still fry, they also stick and little bits of them get ripped off
when the huge spatula comes down to flip them over and press the other side.
And then they slide down to get seared real good.
Okay, you just, uh...
You work off of that. That'll give you some idea of how to punctuate these things.
Boy.
Thirsty work, Raven. Thirsty work.
Franken-big.
Cup of tea out of my hillbilly humor giant coffee mug. Ha ha.
You're probably pretty familiar with hillbillies down there, eh? Ha ha ha.
Okay, here we are getting our frappee up.
Frappee.
Oh my god. I must be a subgenius. I'm talking about frappee.
Um, they got this...
They got this Bigfoot bookstore here.
It's up in North Portland.
Which is kinda...
North Portland, you know.
Oh, you live in North Portland? Oh, man.
It's not that bad.
At a truck stop here in Memphis
The strings, they were a-pullin'
A man stepped out and walked into the sun
And everybody hollered
About his shoes and collar
And when the crowd began to shift
He began to run
Yeah, the hound dog became famous
Decided to join the army
When they shaved his head
And watched it on TV
He received all kinds of letters
The ladies found him charming
And all the people said
Bless old Colin King
And he would say

And what will Elvis think
When he sees Bob?
And he finds he is not the king
There will be no songs to play
Not by the old heartthrob
What will Elvis think
When he sees Bob?
Well, he played all over Vegas
He made a lot of movies
And he always drove a brand new Cadillac
But what has he got
If he owns this world
And he dies without one ounce of slack
So often is the story
One's rise and fall to glory
What makes the man will break the man one day
When I do not know the reasons
It's not a happy ending
As I stand here while they carry him away
Yeah, the last time that I saw him
I always will remember
He was lying still
He did not say
He did not say a thing
And we covered him with flowers
But it was no pretty picture
When we lay to rest
The hound dog we call king
And what will Elvis think
When he sees Bob
And he finds he is not the king
There'll be no songs to play
Not a song to play
Not by the old heartthrob
What will Elvis think
When he sees Bob
Well, now the stage is empty
Elvis left the building
But we're hoping
That the band might strike a note
But when the hand of time
Laid down that old guitar
Bob said, this is all she wrote
And he said, this is all she wrote
She played us a song
The know Madam Gotta weight up
That the old mater ghost
Have you ever realised
Sometimes have perhaps
Drunk British lose
Just the day
But we never stop

We ring we ring
think when he sees ball
Your heart will bump
your nerves will paralyze
as you shall hear the strangest things
that never met your eyes
They're not that strange, Al
Yes, you'll travel into the chilly
thrilling, slimy, haunted
radio station
Just sign on the dotted line
little boys and girls
And now you've bought an interest in the
Captain Beefheart Beefsteak Mine
There's a beautiful vein of pure linguine
running through these rocks and I want you boys
to have every opportunity to become shareholders
in this money-making project
Now don't bother to read it, just sign your name
on the dotted line and
by soon you'll be a beefsteak tycoon
I promise you that
Lovely, yes, it is
This is Pastor Bucknaked here
I was just counseling a young lady and
I gave her her own
personal mantra
which is to say this to herself
15 times or more
maybe for a half hour
Who gives a
Who gives a
Who, right
Now friends, I want you to keep that sort of a philosophy in mind
That's right
Because that's a forgiveness kind of philosophy
a who cares kind of forgiveness
That's right, doctor
So, we will be cutting
That's not
No, no, we want
That's why we're here for forgiveness, Doctor

We want people giving us things
And we want people to bring those things down to the station
Yeah, this is a religion of
We're asking for forgiveness of everything
We want forgiveness from you and for us
and hate from you for the conspiracy
That's right
The conspiracy that makes you not understand what we're talking about
Because if it weren't for them, why
It would be nothing on the air in Dallas
except sub-genius shows
And you may groan to think
think such a nightmarish thought
But actually the
We've decided
Listen to them
Even the sub-genius doctors themselves
in terrible, terrible pain
We're near death here
And believe me, we can't just ask you to walk out and kill normals
We can't ask you to do that kind of thing on this station
We can't ask you to do what would be the rightful work of Dobbs
We can't ask you to do what would be the rightful work of Dobbs
We can't ask you to do what would be the rightful work of Dobbs
No, because it's against the law
It's against the law for us to do those things
Gary, would you get the show off Reverend Onan's foot
I think it's perfect
Oh man, the show
I don't want to touch that show
You know what happened last time I stuck my finger in the show
Well friends, we don't want to be talking about that
It's just something wrong
But uh
We do also have
Dr. Onan Canobite
of the amazing sub-genius band
Dr. Onan's Wotan Band
as well as the famous occupant
Yes
Yes, you can hear
Now, Dr. Onan is only a tape recording
Yes
And yet at the same time
See, we've got a crowded show tonight
We have over a hundred guests
Over ten thousand
And too many listeners
I don't think we can cram the show into that many radios
Keep it quiet here, we don't have enough room
It's going to thin out
If we try to reach too many listeners
it will just dilute it
Now, a sub-genius church can be a franchise
in your own area
And it's also called
in church jargon
it's called a clench
It's called a clench
Now, Onan was the one who figured out
who started his own solo clench
and it schismed all over itself
So tell us about that
That's what you're most famous for in town
I want you to know that
I see, yes
The solos
The stark fists acting upon a solo clench
resulting in ultimate schism
And friends, we're going to talk about that
And friends, you know, most of these religions
most of these religions
they indulge in tremendous
in-fighting between denominations
We encourage
in-fighting between denominations
No two sub-genius denominations
should ever dominate one another
especially not if they're the same
And if any two sub-geniuses are the same
one must die
because this is
it's different
I was going to ask, Dr. Onan
were you the one that had the first church in the round?
No, that was just hearsay
just rumor
Oh, it's Reverend Hearsay
Yes, Reverend Hearsay
These are the kind of things that we can't say on a radio station
KPFA in Berkeley, California
These are the kind of guests that we can't have on our station
Yes, but KNON is a non-station, you see
And because of that
we can get away with things that they would never suspect anyone of
We can get away with things that they would never suspect anyone of
Watching but can't quite believe it
Watching but can't quite believe it
I'm just a little bit emotional
She's a stark cunt
I have to let the speaking turn on her
Don't say hello
No, no, no
This program
Oh, God, don't say hello
Oh, God, I didn't do it
Of course not
Good, hello
Volume, rate, pitch, emphasis and enunciation
What was that?
Are you in any sort of trouble?
Well, I certainly didn't understand that operator
Good
It's very frightening
Those are very frightening thoughts
Are you frightened?
Sometimes we have thoughts that are so frightening
we can't even admit to ourselves that we have them
The only way we can deal with those thoughts
The only way we can deal with those thoughts
is to believe that
somebody else has them
Let me do that
It's not reality yet
But it's part
But it's part
Attention, attention
Mankind's efforts to tame madness
make a fascinating history
For this caller
And you can just hum along
What do you prescribe for my impotency, Doctor?
Well, I suggest you press that subgenius alert button that's just right behind you
It was in the dreary autumn of the year 1889
When I called on my good friend Puzzling Evidence
Can't fall down
I'm dancing and I can't fall down
Well, I bet that song made everybody laugh real hard
I'm a white man and I can't get down
I can't get down
I can't find it
I've fallen and I can't get up
Has this ever happened to you?
Well, don't worry
With subgenius alert
One simply wears this medallion around one's neck
One simply wears this medallion around one's neck
And when there's
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep
Press the little subgenius signal
And you're cool
Yes, you're playing with
Cry for help, you're pathetic, monophobic
Your pain will be broadcast to subgeniuses everywhere
Your pain will be broadcast to subgeniuses everywhere
So that you may know
That your suffering was not in vain
Yes, you may be in agony
With a broken, cracked hip
On the floor of your apartment
Unable to stop your pet poodle
From chewing your eyes out
But you'll know
That you're providing hours of amusement
To a subgenius somewhere
To a subgenius somewhere
My god, her poodle's chewing out her eyes
That's right, for only $12.95
A month plus service installation charge
Some genius alert
Can be yours
I've fallen, and I can't get up
Oh, look at his face
I've fallen, and I can't get up
I've fallen


And I can't get up
I've fallen, and I can't get up
Y'all get up grandma
There's no humor in heaven
Naida, naida
They just say, beginning tomorrow morning
I'm passing a new law which will remove the barrier and take away the obstacle?
Did he do it by giving us a new teaching?
Did he do it by laying hands on the sick and healing them of their physical diseases?
Not at all.
That's not the case.
So it's mostly a matter of that lazy American syndrome at work again.
I mean, come on, guys, you can handle this stuff.
I have ten thumbs and I can't handle it.
But I have a wife who can, so, I mean, what's the big deal?
And making products more consumer-oriented.
Lord, half of them talk to you already.
I mean, what do you want?
Liquid crystal window the size of your wallet, not big enough?
Need help waving that VCR wand over that UPC doodad in the TV guide
so you can record lifestyles of the overpaid and vacuous?
I mean, you know, I swear, most people act as if they're one step removed from Egyptian royalty
having to have their grapes peeled by slaves.
Eh.
Only instant gratification I really want is the warm feeling that comes over me
when I take, say, a phone answering machine,
a wang in the back of the head that pathetic soul
who's outwitted by 32 kilobytes of memory chip and a cassette recorder.
Give me a break.
So, well, I don't know.
Despite my utter inability to build a birdhouse any self-respecting bird would reside in,
it kind of makes me feel like a Nobel Prize-bearing genius
when I hear about someone scratching their head over a VCR manual
I can crack during two reading sessions in the bathroom.
Oh, Lord.
If your own brain isn't user-friendly by now,
just give up and send all your electronic stuff to me,
and I'll be glad to put them through their paces,
relieving you of the burden of making them go.
I don't know.
It's just too darn easy to do.
I'm sorry.
It sort of bugs me.
I just don't want to hear about it.
I don't know.
I mean, in the case of the aforementioned synthesizers and et cetera,
admittedly, a lot of the equipment around KARN borders on being steam-driven in some cases,
but it's not that...
hard.
I think a lot of it just stems from, like, what Robert Kiyosaki had to say a couple of weeks ago.
Americans are so taught to have to get the right answer.
Well, the only way you learn what the right thing is
is to do the wrong thing a few times.
That's true of everything from running your VCR
to paying your bills to your sex life.
You know, every darn thing requires that you make a few mistakes in the learning process.
What toddler do you know who got up and began doing a pirouette right away?
Oh, no.
They had to fall on their behind about five billion times
before they figured out where that little...
...

central balancing gyroscope was in their head
and learn how to make it all roll, okay?
So give yourself a break.
Give yourself a break, dear friends,
and I'm going to give...
Yep, the greatest type in the universe is coming up,
but I do need to give credits real quickly here,
and, of course, the sacred post office box, as I promised.
The very beginning of this...
...last half hour, we heard Maggie Estep and Huge Voodoo and Reggie,
I think both of them doing the...
Well, using you, friends, for listening.
Some more psychoacoustics from Reverend Sly
and Father Angus McGamora.
Puzzling evidence montages.
Some more ranting from the Starwood Festival.
Well, that's...
Lovely.
Sad, sad old...
The old sad stuff there, that song,
When Elvis Met Bob,
by John Dajon.
Yeah.
We could have saved Hank, friends.
Some old KPFA subgenius show material
with Dr. Howell, G. Gordon Gort.
Oh, and Hour of Slut number three.
Butt Naked and Gary the Broke Friend,
Onan Kempis,
Cannabite,
and even G. Gordon Gort.
Yeah, them were the old days or something.
And even...
You even got to hear a little bit of Palmer Vreedies on KPFA
with his subgenius alert and collar pain technology.
And friends, if you need to know more about the mighty and hideous church of the subgenius,
please write to this number I'm about to give you.
It's real simple, but you do need a pen.
And that's just...
What?
Just write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306
in lovely Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm going to give that again,
because I know you just ain't that quick on the uptake, are you?
It's Box 140306.
And I know you got the Dallas, Texas part.
You can tell just by listening.
And that zip is, once again, 75214.
Yeah, we'd love to play the uncut hour of slack in your ears,
but now this.
The Kowloon volatility has been up for quite some time.
Reports of this summer'sürüment are articles toner and the

the

lo

thank for
give it my
100%
to everybody in total.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

What do they do when Mrs. Peepee?
When skies are drippy?
Oh!
And what do they do in Tijuana
when they want to snuggle tight?
Well, look.
Music, Hayden.
And Pepper, she's a fancy stepper when she dances.
Go and see her as she gives us in Francis.
What's up, Doc?
Hmm. Also a rabbit hater.
Oh, well.
Shh, shh, shh.
Uh-oh.
Of course you know this means war.
Acoustically perfect.
Help! Help! Get me out of here!
Ladies and gentlemen, there will be an unavoidable interruption in the program.
Break into a van till we get back, maestro.
Have you fixed up in a jiffy?
The show must go on, you know. That's the sacred tradition.
Now let's see about a little something for that throat.
Open wide. That's the nice fat opera singer.
Go on, go on. That's your cue.
Oh, Mr. Jones! Mr. Jones! Wait! Oh, please, wait! Oh, Mr. Jones!
Frankie and Perry just aren't in it. You're my swooner dreamboat lover boy.
May I have your autograph? Please?
Oh, may I? Oh!
Thank you, Mr. Jones.
Leopold! Leopold!
Leopold! Leopold! Leopold! Leopold! Leopold! Leopold!
Leopold!
