Who's there?
The subgenius power of SWAT
Now I know all about everything
What?
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
You say, what about your host?
I don't want to delve into that
I want to give you something that blesses my heart
This is independent radio in a democracy
Typical is this small independent station
On the air all day and most of the night
In the interests of the public
Its radio audience is composed of from 50 to 200 young people
To thousands of technicians, musicians and artists
These programs are produced live
In your own home of course
It must then be prepared for the ear of the listener
And recorded on a disc
Equipped with recorders, mics and shortwave equipment
Lonesome cowboy Dave
Interviews distinguished visitors such as this famous radio commentator
Professor Chaz Smith
It's so popular that the United Nations has recommended it all over the world
To students of social relations
Responsible for the policy and operation of the station
Is its president and owner
The Reverend Ivan Stang
Among his duties he acts in an advisory capacity to the salesman
Bob Dobbs
He must conduct his business to warrant the trust placed in him by the government
Which grants him free use of the airwaves
This is silly isn't it?
No
This is independent radio in a democracy
Thank you to the bishop
Well if we can think
As long as we got our brains we can think
Oh they'll get that too George, you'll see
Did you know you are putting a cell phone right into your brain?
That's the truth
And that's why I'd use a cell phone
But guess what?
There's a brain phone called Ray
That's R-A-Y
Ray is a small chip that attaches right into your brain
Right next to the antenna
Takes about 20 seconds
Once in place
Ray's patent pending subtle energy technology
Immediately begins to counter the effects of the government
Without affecting your brain
The cost of railway?
Only
Order right now
now
. . . . com
um
. .
Um
It학교
It's amazing
We'll be right back
down i like it like that
oh
i asked that you be consecrated to the virgin mary my lady these people can't see or hear you as we
do many of them don't believe you appear to us some of them don't get the hour of slack
give them a sign that will make them believe a sign a sign the amino acids playing live at the
subgenius event 6x day at brushwood a sign the hour of slack featuring 6x day and the old media
broad number two ufos from 1981
and suzy the flizzy's most incredible recent x-day alien ufo collages and the music of so-so
daughter and eso radio and the collages of little little bird and all the rest praise bob praise
the princess is a creature of antiquity 10 million years at least in age and the monsters
are mutants of creatures that roamed the earth before the ice age it is likely that a super race
of humans existed sometime in the past and the monsters are mutants of creatures that roamed the
past also and somehow all of them humans and creatures went into hibernation far underground
where they survived they are intelligent they are smarter than the most up-to-date supercomputers we
cannot underestimate them the last few days they proved they're able to destroy our planet as we
know you mentioned that uh the uh advanced supersonic nazi hell creatures from inside the
hollow earth are conspiring to destroy our planet for no reason we have to overcome the dark matter



to take over the whole planet.
Yeah, we read about that in a pamphlet that was handed to us.
Oh, you did?
Uh-huh, and Bob confirmed it.
And there's only one organization that could possibly stop them.
They're the men from Planet X, and they'll be arriving in 1998.
And after the tribulation money starts to fall from the chariots
and the angels in the sky and coming up out of the ground
and spewing out of the back of them car exhaust pipes
and just magic everywhere,
and them tribulation times will be tearing those bad, evil,
demonic people up, and they'll be the subgenius people.
I think we should bring up...
That is Hitler's gem.
Waiting, waiting, waiting for you.
I don't know who it's from, but it's from his phone.
But if we yell through it real loud, we might be able to contact home base.
If we can get back to the home planet.
Remember, folks, which takes us to a planet of non-mortals
who are eons advanced in their civilization.
Our program is Underworld.
Hello, hello, I'm Star.
I'm Earth.
And I'm Earth.
So scary, but we're the future.
Can you hear me?
Yes, Star.
This is Java.
Why do you call me?
I just turned on a Houston, Texas television channel
and they were interviewing a science fiction writer.
This writer has written a book called Tycho's World.
It's supposedly about our world.
You have been escaped, Sarah.
Yes, Sarah.
What?
What is your report?
Oh, no.
We are ready to take you down.
Java, I've had an unnerving experience today.
What is it?
A young lady said she knew me.
She called me by my Earth name.
What did she want?
I don't know.
Recognition.
Acclaim.
I thought you might help me, Java.
You have been sent to the planet Earth to observe.
Not to have long feelings for Earthly details.
Which one, then?

Not me.
I will convince Earth and get back to you.
iyi yoo yo Biden Although the time is limited
I'm not looking after you.
I'll get in touch with you tomorrow.
The disasters you experienced are just small examples of our great power.
Either surrender to me or I'll destroy all humans.
I've spoken. It's all the warning you're going to get from me.
You'll be destroyed.
Other more incredible things are happening.
During a single year, for instance,
nearly 10,000 head of farmers' livestock have been mutilated
in an area from Texas to eastern Oregon and Washington.
Cattle mutilators.
Men's wearers.
Hanging out in your car.
Seven something among them.
I'm calling from...
Yes.
I'm a cattle rancher down here.
And I was wondering if these two guys might have any inside information on cattle mutilation.
Some of it in our place and some of the neighbors have been having that problem.
Well, that's sure an interesting question, and I'll bet they do.
One of them actually looks like a cow.
Go ahead.
Pardon.
Yeah.
Yeah, the cattle mutilation problem is getting to be pretty big.
A lot of people don't know about it.
It's not mentioned much on the TV because nobody has any answers about it.
But, yeah, the conspiracy is behind that.
They're doing it to confuse people.
They're doing it to discredit law enforcement agents
who can't figure out who's doing it to these cattle
and then taking off in their spacecraft or whatever.
For those who've never heard about cattle mutilation,
it's happening a lot these days out in the...
in the sticks, people will...
a farmer will come upon his prized cow or something like that with...
mutilated, but not by animals.
Done by professionals.
With certain organs removed and maybe the blood drained, things like that.
Surgically removed is what I heard.
Surgically removed.
Yeah, it's spooky.
It actually is kind of a...
Well, since you have this connection with the UFO people,
if somebody pays you to belong to your organization,
does that mean their cows will be left alone?
It would help.
It would help a whole lot.
Yeah, we can't make a whole lot of guarantees.
Have you had any cattle mutilations on your ranch?
Well, we've had one, and it was a pretty odd-looking sight.
Is that right?
Some of the neighbors said the same thing.
Yeah, there's...
Maybe you'd better give your box number again for this fella.
Okay, yeah, you can get a lot of information.
Cattle mutilations from us at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
And, by the way, when you write,
I can tell you about some people who do some serious research into that thing.
And it's weird.
We can send you some of their literature if you'd like.
Yeah.
Okay, well, I'll send some money in for that.
Yeah, I would send a buck for information.
Okay, well...
Send ten if you want to be a member.
And thanks for calling.
Oh, by the way, enjoy the nuclear glow there in Glen Rose.
Yeah.
It does help feed the cows at night.
Yeah, it makes them grow big.
I understand you all have a lot of, you know, those six-legged frogs and so forth getting around there.
Wait until I kick on that power plant.
Boy, we'll see some giant farmers and so forth.
Another movie that's swept America is one entitled
The Encounters of the Third Degree.
Hey, may I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not.
But New Zealand Air Force was on alert recently because of the UFOs appearing over that nation.
Someone said, do you believe in flying saucers?
I said, of course.
I'm a married man.
If you don't get that now, you may in the morning over the breakfast table.
You say, what about UFOs?
I don't want to delve into that, but I want to give you something that blesses my heart.
I know there is life in the universe.
Why?
Why?

Why?
Why?
















Evil spirits, demonic spirits fill the universe.
Lots of fun and romance on a special edition of The Love Boat.
What's he doing?
I'm an old phone training tape and some space science sound effects that I made with a synthesizer.
What's he doing?
What's he doing?
Where are the UFOs?
Here they come.
Look out.
Look out.
Look out.
Look out.
Look out.














Look out.
Look out.
Look out.
Look out, Ito.
Didn't you hear that?





You need to wait.







Let's go.
I'm a soldier.
I'm a soldier.
I'm gonna shine my way.
I'm a soldier.
I'm a soldier.
I'm a soldier.
Change your fate.
I'm gonna change my fate.
I'm gonna change my fate.
My God, you won't believe what you're gonna see.
I'm gonna change my fate.
With my ray of shams on your forehead.
I'm gonna change my fate.
Thank you.
I'm gonna change my fate.
Little flying saucers are flying across the sky.
Little flying saucers are flying across the sky.
A little flying saucer came flying across the sky.
Says, oh, baby, I'm in the way now.
Little flying saucers are flying across the face.
All those little flying saucers are flying all over the place.
Little flying saucers.
Flying little, flying little, flying little saucer flying all over the place.
Little baby, like I was telling you, you ain't gonna believe now because we all do.
Flying saucer in the flying saucer.
Oh, hey.
Come down now.
Flying little saucer in the flying saucer.
Shining my rays.
Shining across your face.
Stand now.
Mm.
Mm.
Third 틴 Away the
Three Ch japanese

INTERLUDE
NOR ME
TO
DEVOT
TO
the wax paper and the foil and the wax and the foil were without form and void and darkness was
upon the face of the aluminum and the spirit of glad said let there be life and there was life
behold it is good
if they're not killed they'll take over the earth
there are a lot of theories on UFOs one of the theories says that that they are not from outer
space but they're from earth they could either be from the conspiracy uh the government putting
them out or they could be from the hollow earth yeah but it really makes sense you know
you already think about it how could there really be life on another planet well there could be
life life on other planets but there could also be life on this planet that's so advanced that
we don't know what's going on

don't even know about them yet.
Advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from the hollow earth
or something like that.
There's a serious indication of that.
We've heard quite a bit about that.
So it could be.
It gets pretty complicated.
The way we look at it is no matter
how complicated your conspiracy theory gets,
it still can't touch the complexity of the whole thing.
Generally speaking, most all conspiracy theories
are valid, wouldn't you say?
We're trying to tie every one of them together.
I've been into UFOs for a long time.
And the only thing I really come up with
is what I just told you.
Well, don't worry about where they came from,
but what they're going to do when they get here.
That's the secret.
But you know, don't tell us how long the human race will last.
Well, some people get benevolent messages from them,
and other people get their cows mutilated.
OK.
By the way, I've got blonde hair and blue eyes.
Is that right?
Well, you're not from the great.
Great white brotherhood, are you?
Mm-hmm.
Not from the nowhere.
OK.
Ah!
God!
Hallelujah!
Angelic beings fill the universe.
I'm not talking about these little fellas
they talk about, you know, that have green skin and brown teeth.
Few of us have that from smoking too much cigarettes.
You know.
Hallelujah, there's all kinds of angels.
And then when Jesus was out there after he'd been tipped
of the devil 40 days and 40 nights, you know what it said?
A street ministering angel came unto him and ministered strength unto him.
So, Brother Tamplin, there's all kinds of angels.
We have the privilege of having these angels incapped around and about us
if we're born again children of God and if we're on our way to heaven.
I ain't see you lately, Lily.
How have you been?
Oh, fine.
I've been visiting my mammy.
She's waiting on the welcome table over by the throne of grace.
She always was pretty holy.
I guess the Lord took quite a fancy to her.
I declare your mammy's one of the finest lady angels I know.
She claim you the best one she know.
Well, when you come right down to it,
I suppose we all are pretty now, Puffy.
Why is that, Miss Jenny?
I suppose it's case the Lord don't lie so shady with the devil
anymore, so there can't be no more sin.
Oh, Satan.
I wonder what ever become of him.
I'm talking about what the Bible has to say when,
Satan was cast out of heaven.
It was only the third heaven of 2 Corinthians 12, 7,
where he was thrown out.
Do you know that Satan and his demonic host still fill heaven one and two,
the atmosphere and the stratosphere?
Do you know that Satan is the prince of the power of the air and airwaves,
Ephesians 2, 2?
That's why we Christians have such a battle in this Christian walk,
because we wrestle against Satan.

Satan is the one who has the power to destroy evil spirits in high places.
Demonic spirits.
And they can travel like a flash of lightning.
Of course, the world has never considered this.
After all, who could believe the strange ramblings of the Bible?
Suddenly, I've seen this happen many times, folks,
and I can't get that excited about it.
But I'm going to tell you what just happened.
The deacon just, the deacon just faded away.
He's still in here with me.
He's, he's standing.
No, he's laying down.
I can feel him.
He's laying down.
The deacon, he's, he's picking it up.
And he's starting to fade back in.
Yes, friends, they talk of, they talk of invisible angels around you.
It ain't just, it ain't just angels that can be invisible, friends.
It's you, and you can be, you can be right where you are, and no one can see you.
And you can be right where you are someplace else, too.
And we can...
I don't know.
March on the air with Stang and Drummond.
Go ahead.
Yes, I just wanted to make a testimonial.
I was formerly a nimboid, and I found out about the Church of the Genius,
and they have been absolutely fantastic for me,
opening my life up to so many possibilities.
Why, they have taught me all the joy of alien contact,
and I have thoroughly just had wonderful experiences and found guidance in my life.
Would you share that with...
Recently, I contacted...
Alien life forces who instructed me,
do not eat the flesh of another living creature on your planet.
And it has made a tremendous change in my life.
So you really have changed from that former lifestyle, huh?
That's right.
And it's all due to the Church of the Subgenius.
Are you still the nimboid, though?
Well, once a nimboid, always a nimboid.
I've seen name only, right?
That's right.
Okay.
Well, we really appreciate the testimony.
And we'd like people to know that we can do quite a bit for them.
Listen, and for my information, sort of an outsider here,
would you explain to me in some detail really what an alien contact is, feels like, or looks like?
Well, certainly.
I was sitting around one night thinking about the possibility of, you know, being a vegetarian,
and all of a sudden I felt this wonderful direction to my thoughts,
knowing that I could stop them at any point in time if I wanted to,
but they were leading me along a path and I just let myself go.
Then all of a sudden I reached this end of the path and it was very definite.
Do not eat the flesh of another living creature on your planet.
And I started thinking about that.
What if these superior forces from outer space came here and started eating us, humans?
Well, if they did that, we could protest no more.
Then, you know, we couldn't protest because we eat the flesh of lower life forms on this planet.
They, you know, would be perfectly, you know, moral in coming and eating us as life forms.
Well, they come every couple of hundred years and take you anyway.
Yeah, it hurts.
I've heard it from two people, but I'll tell you what, don't worry about the beaver
because the beaver was originally from Mars and you can eat as much of that as you want to.
Um, I might.
Okay.
From Mars.
Right.
I might point out that the reason...
Before their econoclastic...
It may, it may be simply that the aliens don't think we taste good when we've been on a diet of meat.
So they want to make sure we eat vegetables and that way we perhaps are tastier to them.
Notice man doesn't eat very many flesh eaters.
Only, only the herbivorous animals.
That's right.
That's right.
I'm not, I'm not trying to imply that our friends in outer space are not.
They're not necessarily out to eat us, but you know, the possibility does exist.
They do some pretty strange stuff to cattle every now and then.
That is right.
Mutilation of cattle.
Yeah, that might be a different...
And in case you're tuning in...
That's a religious ceremony for them, which is entirely different from eating flesh of those animals.
But...
It's us that we're after, they're after.
Okay.
Well, we only have a short time to wait before we find out.
So...
That's right.
Thank you.
18...
No, 1998.
Thank you for calling and I'm happy about your alien contact.
Bye-bye.
And your new lifestyle.
Thank you.
Hail Nimboids.
Hail Nimboids.
Kids.
On the wings of a snow white...
Bob.
He sends his pure, sweet...
Come.
A sign from above...
On the wings of a...
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
One...
Come.
One...









On the wings of a, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
A...
A snow...
Bob.
Chat.
Come and block out.

On the wings of...
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.

Bob, Bob, Bob.
drawseki
No!
Goodbye, Samantha Dundee.
No more.
Oh, who would have believed it?
Who would have dreamed that the aliens live right next door in the next trailer?
What will they be talking about?
What plans for the future of mankind?
Will it be conspiracy or brotherhood?
Well, Seeker, we're about to find out.
This is the weirdest thing I've ever seen.
Oh, my God.
Are they going into the bedroom?
They've been screwing us for a long time.
Hey, look, I'm a super intelligent being.
My understanding is I have an IQ of 1600,
and I can't even understand what you expected from that relationship.
I'm so young.
Not from around here, but a real square little fella.
Oh, come now.
We've been through so much together.
Just call me Bob.
On July 12th, I took a trip in a flying saucer,
which I am pointing right here.
The saucer was well equipped with rooms, bedrooms, bathroom, toilets,
and this saucer.
I went up in two Mars, over the moon, Venus, Clarion, and Orion.
When I say Orion, I do not mean Orion.
It is a planet outside of our galaxy.
So I thought I saw a UFO once.
Really?
Yeah, but I had taken a lot of mescal over time, so I don't know.
Well, that will do it to you.
Yeah, I was down in Mexico.
I was with my English professor.
We were having an affair, and he was married.
It was really terrible.
You thought you saw a UFO?
Yeah, we both, we really thought we did.
Wow.
It's an illusion.
Well, I won't go into any further details,
but she had a very interesting experience that she'd never remembered before.
The numbers who have had contacts with these aliens,
how has it affected their lives?
They very often have a religious context.
They're very much the same kind of conversion,
although not of a formal sort.
They're good people, and they've generally been influenced in good ways, maybe.
So naive.
And there are some people who've got glimpses of it perhaps, we hear.
And they yearn for something like that.
They're looking for the family that maybe in some vague way they've known about.
They join cult groups.
Friends, there's a force that runs through the universe.
We used to call that force God.
We now call it the Church of the Subgenius.
I hear it.
God.
Bob.
Bob.
God.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.



Can we get back to the subject of UFOs?
I mean, that's what this party's for, anyway, isn't it?
I can prove that if there's life anywhere else in the universe,
there will have a Marxist economy.
Excuse me?
I'm an occult nutritionist.
No, I think mind control has been overemphasized.
See, if you were a truly benevolent alien and didn't want to invade Earth,
you'd also hold off delving into a person and making them do things that they're supposed to.
Sort of like the prime directors in Star Trek.
You were a truly benevolent alien, and didn't want to invade Earth, you'd also hold off developing into a person and making them do things that they're supposed to.
Stupid! Stupid!
You humans.
You've mentioned that there are many people who have been influenced by the extraterrestrials
and are not even aware of it, but some things like the movies we see, the TV shows, you
think there may be some influences there?
I have a friend who's a writer in Hollywood, and he told me when he was 21 years old he
was crossing in the out of the desert, and a UFO swooped down over his car and saw it
zooming away into the sky and he kept on driving. Nothing happened.
Yeah.
After that, his life took a different turn. He became more serious, and he had a goal
in life.
And that little boy, who nobody liked, grew up to be Roy Cohn.
Wow!
And now you know the rest of the story.
You've identified at least two distinct groups of aliens.
There's not more than two groups, but you could put them in two camps.
Okay.
Now, Camp One have just recently arrived, doing their investigations from Square One.
So there's a lot of them.
I think Camp Two have been around a long time.
They're also the ones that induce a feeling of friendliness in part of the people they pick up.
I was picked up on a desert, in the California desert, and I was taken to the mothership
and they were flowing around, not too close to the moon, but with instruments.
Similarly, you might say, except it wasn't a camera, it was a regular sort of a telescopic
instrument, that we were able to see what was on the moon on the other side of it. See?
It looked like this.
It was a little bit of a
The people think of themselves as being picked up by old friends.
Came crawling out of a well wearing ladies' shoes.
Didn't know what milk was.
Real little, smooth like baby's feet, with big friendly eyes.
He sounds like a real nice guy.
Took him to the Swiss picnic for a good time and he choked to death on a piece of cheese.
Yeah, yeah, right.
Now, of course, this may be a psychological manipulation, but so what?
It's nice to have them do that kind of psychological manipulation.
There are three extraterrestrials of humanoid Caucasian appearance.
The leader is male, about 31, 62, 190 pounds, pallid complexion, lank, greasy hair.
The second is of indeterminate sex, 28, 5'10, 145 pounds, short, dark hair, pale skin.
The female is 26, looks younger.
She has a delicate complexion and excellent bone structure.
Her eyes are hazel flecked with gray and sometimes a little sag.
Her voice is throaty, hands exquisite, and she's said to have a certain indefinable something.
They were highly intelligent and potentially dangerous.
We'll be going back to England for on the spot review of the continuous...
You've got it wrong!
They've got it wrong! They've got it wrong!
They've got it wrong!
They have been dealing with the, what you would call the real smart aliens.
Not the ones who have just been here recently and are kind of bumbling.
Here comes something.
Remember the story when newlyweds on our way to Earth's capital...
No jazz butt.
I don't wish to dwell on technical matters, but these visitors from outer space,
they are what we scientists call brainless.
Brainless?
They're thick, stupid, dumb-dumbs, crubs, twits, morons.
You don't invoke a very good amnesia.
Graduate students from Alpha Centauri on their first...
First mission, isn't that right?
They're still doing their PhD thesis on planet Earth.
Uh-huh.
No one could have guessed what was inside.
Hey look, they're drinking tea.
Hey look, it's on TV.
Turn on and see.
Two worlds collide.
We're morons.
Welcome to our pressure dump.
Welcome to our mobile home.
Up in the sky.
We're morons.
People say we've come too far.
But we don't know where we are and we don't know why.
We're not high-class.
We're not high-class.







You're a moron.
We have only three friends and this and that.
Where's the�
This whole pγr the five of that.
From everybody here is aُ
some of the characteristics? Well, a person who has been fascinated with no particularly good
reason, been fascinated with UFOs, science fiction, Star Trek, has a psychic streak in him,
and has fallen in love absolutely without any good reason with someone, and then finds afterwards he
has also had an interest in UFOs and psychic things. Now, not any one of these things, or not
all of them are necessary, but you can find a little profile there. Wing, wing, wing. Stateless
wonders. UFO and its followers, perverts, monomaniacs, dipsomaniacs, artists of the fast
buck, true believers, objective believers, new age believers, kehoe believers, shushed by the three
men, or masturbated by spacemen. UFO is a bucket of shit, and I sit here writing while it drips
down.
My face in great rivel. I'm going to be very disappointed if UFOs turn out to be nothing more
than visitors from another planet, because I think they could be something much more interesting.
Something from another dimension of space or time. I think what the UFO phenomenon is teaching us
is that we don't understand time and space. I think we have to call them objects that are physical,
that interact with the environment, that cause
effects on the witnesses, on the psychology and the physiology of the witnesses, and leave traces
on the ground, and yet are capable of, appear to be capable of manipulating time and space in ways
that go beyond what our physics understands today. The Air Force investigated UFOs and issued a
report, couched in polite language, which translated means... Now, let's have no more curiosity about
this bizarre cover-up.
We'd like to ask you some questions. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the

chat room.
Butaced In Clar warning that Lumia is a
UFO,
peculiarly
cockroach-like,
Traditional칠
Well, first I thought it was a big old dog
Of course, the way it howled
And how it had them big friendly eyes
But I had to ask myself
What the hell was it doing up in the graveyard
Digging up the ground with a shovel
I thought I was crazy
I'm not a drinking man on duty, Mr. Cox
Not me
You know, I figured it was one of them werewolves
That were having
So I slipped a wooden load in my shotgun
And then all of a sudden
Now this is going to sound crazy
A big dark scene
With flashing lights come up
Over the top of the hill
That one right over there
It was about 100 miles an hour
This dog or wolf or whatever it was
It took off like a bug wrap
With that dry hump over there
Hey, just a minute, will you
I'm not a drinking man, Mr. Cox
I swear to hell I saw it
That was no crazed sterno bum
But a respected law enforcement officer
Sheriff Lugar Axe Handle of Heater County, California
Ooh
Crumbling remnant of the old west
Or could it be the final resting place
Of a little guy from outer space
Could be, could be
All I know is everything you know is wrong
Oh, Christ
God, you're dumb
Dumb, dumb, dumb
Dumb, dum-dum-dum
Enough of this deception and trickery
I admit it
I was taken in too
By clever fakes like this
Bob is back
And he's better than ever
Better than ever
Better than ever
Better than ever
Better than ever
Better than ever
Better than ever
Yes, friends
Bob has actually become a little better than ever
6X Day happened
And it was such a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful event
Even though Bob himself was better than ever
The subgenius franters were everywhere
And worse
Another new doctor who appeared on the stage at 6X Day
Actually, the previous 6X Day
It was a young crazy man named Cosmodear
Let's listen as Cosmodear interacts with the Minoan brain eaters
It was
Rhetorical tower
Yeah
Open your mouth and change the world
With what you take, the world's warmed
Yeah
Rhetoric, dialectic, categorical, prepositional magic
Know your words, explain your thoughts
Talk to people in the block
Yeah
Talk to our beauty
The increased stuff and life
The pooped community
Announce your future
Ev act
Ministry oftoxics
E Sally
Music


Fre Allowance for directly concerned for email training and months before就会
Oh yeah!
I see that President Bush will clone human embryos to kill them.
Some want to clone human embryos for those embryo feet.
But what about our two senators?
Yeah, they want to clone human embryos for those feet.
He warned that if this is not done quickly, we'll kill them.
Yeah, but some senators like embryo feet.
I can't see the difference between the U.S. Senate and human brats.
They want to defeat human embryos.
If you agree that humans should be banned, please call 13013.
What are you doing? Drawing a picture?
What are you getting so red in the face about?
Don't ever ask me.
Huh.
I got brothers, ain't I?
Long as you live, don't ever ask.
Huh?
Huh.
Look at the picture.
See the scum.
It's horrible. It's amazing.
And this is the amino acids live at 6X Day.
They burn blue eyes and black hair before they're as red as the sky.
Blue eyes are also brown.
It's what iPhone two Hack in the sand looks like.
Just like New York nicely painted.
They're some TOMS that wear a hat.




You watch two C won't be able to sign up for our concert.

I'm just boody about making that doodle dance I make.
Are you sure it's out of the game?
You're runway feeling drunk.
I'll do the same by crystal for 24 hours.
I'll bring home two guys who get preferential in this todo.
Football is сокaboo to people.
Delicious.
I can't describe it in words.


We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Like raw nerves to the amino acids who are already inside of you now.
And who came from outer space.
Not to be confused with our friends the X's or men from Planet X, whatever the news people want to call them.
Who we have complete faith will be here tomorrow at 7 a.m.
We'll see if they show up.
If they show up, then they won't be able to see the amino acids.
Well, that's right.
And if the X's don't arrive, at least the amino acids will.
Meanwhile, I think they must be finally geared up over there for ESO.
Or whatever it is.
Einstein's secret band name.
Oh, yes.
Let's get back to partying with Dr. Drummond and Einstein's secret orchestra.
Yes, friends.
X Day, out of Crushwood anyway, is quite the amazing slack-filled event, actually.
It's amazing in that it's full of slack.
We do not promise anyone anything at 6X Day.
We provide a stage and some microphones and amplification and art supplies.
And the subgeniuses themselves.
We take care of all of the rest.
Sometimes helped by the pagans and the Crushwood staff,
who now have gotten to where they build these wonderful giant Bob icons out of wood.
It's sort of a giant...
What?
Yes, Philo?
It's some vibration.
Bad vibes.
Bad vibration.
Heard of bad vibes.
This is the bad vibe.
Man, look at him.
I know what that is.
Someone asked, what the hell would that be?
What the hell would that be?
What the hell is that?
Someone, can I have a what the hell would that be?
What the hell would that be?
Can I get a what the hell?
What the hell?
What the heck?
Some people like to say heck.
What the heck?
Yes, yes, yes.
Religious worship music.
from the church of the subgenius
from one of our worship events at X Day.
Building up for the icon burning
when we burn a gigantic emblem of Bob's face,
our guru, Bob's face.
Every Saturday night of X Day
as the pagans drum and the subgeniuses
dance like little funny monkeys.
Uh-oh, here comes Jesus.
I think I hear Jesus coming, friends.
I think I hear Jesus a-coming.
Yes, Jesus is on his way.
What's the news, Lord?
It's ready to go.
Yes, friends.
It is time for the icon burning.
You'll enjoy this ceremony.
We're going to burn Bob.
Unfortunately, his followers will stay unburned.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
It's time for the icon burning.
Down at the hotel.
Down.
It's time for the icon burning.
Woo!
It's down.
Pass around.
Down.
Down.
Let's burn the fuck out of Bob.
Let's burn that bastard down.
Let's burn the fuck right out of Bob.
Let's burn that bastard down.
Oh, yeah.
Well, in the words of Reverend Ivan Stagg,
it's not good to drag this kind of shit out.
So,
let's get it over with.
Friends, look at that pile of
habifrop ziplops.
The largest known.
Gathered here by the Brushwood staff.
The largest known pile
of incredibly expensive
habifrop ziplops,
known as FROP for short,
about to be destroyed.
Not senselessly, nay,
for we can stand downwind and inhale it,
but also symbolically.
Once again, we put up this symbol of Bob's face.
Why would we burn rather than worship this thing?
Why do we not throw ourselves down?
Well, why don't you throw yourselves down
and bow down to it?
Well, because, you know, actually the way you bow to Bob
is turn around backwards and bow down.
But, Bob is a short-nuration personal savior
and most of us have probably had just
about the goddamn enough of Bob after this weekend.
Also, the face,
also the face of J.R. Bob Dobbs
is the most precious symbol to us
and a registered trademark of
Subgenius Foundation Incorporated.
And, as such,
our most cherished symbol.
And to symbolize how much we cherish symbols
and symbolization,
we will just now burn
the hell out of you.
We will not just burn it.
We will not just burn it.

We will burn the
living
hell out of it.
And, as Jesus has informed us,
this is indeed
an accurate scale model representation
of that plain underground known as hell.
Hell is a real place
about a mile and a half down.
Endless caverns, actually seven levels of them.
Finally ending up at the sun
at the center of the hollow earth.
And, friends, in that hell
is where those who do not achieve eternal salvation
will go to party.
Those who Xeroxed Subgenius pamphlets
and said praise Bob
and never sent in their thirty dollars.
They shall experience a type of partying
that this icon of Bob's face
is about to experience.
Don't worry, it can't feel pain.
We don't think.
Just an inanimate chunk of wood,
once alive, perhaps possessed of the spirit
of brushwood in the woods around here
where the owls are not what they see.
They spotted it.
Ah, it's reaching up.
It's reaching up.
It's licking his cheekbones, friends.
Isn't this where we're supposed to chant?
Do we have a chant?
B-O-B, what's our chant?
What is our chant?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
B-O-B, Bob, B-O-B, Bob.
Fuck Bob.
Fuck Bob, fuck Bob.
Fuck Bob, buddy, honey.
In the old days, they burned
every kind of minority group they could find,
depending on where you were.
Uh, you know, they, they, they,
they burned witches, they burned Jews,
they burned even, yes, Republicans at one time.
Friends, this is where you let the hypnotic drums
of the expert pagan hypnotist
take over your mind and heart.
I would caution you, however,
as you, the subgeniuses, dance around this bonfire
and find strange memories of your Neanderthal ancestors returning,
be careful.
Don't go pagan.
Don't let what happened to Ed Strange happen to you.
Boys, you'll be sitting around pounding on little drums
and wearing skirts in no time at all.
Yes, it's true, the pagan women are beautiful,
but,
they are treacherous.
Oh, Woody Nergay!
Einstein's Secret Orchestra finally got to do their big concert
at 6X Day on Saturday night,
just as the rainstorm heard in the background was rolling in.
Listen closely.
And you'll hear a camera dive.
.
.
.




















